             agronomy
Review
Integration of Remote Sensing and Machine Learning for Precision
Agriculture: A Comprehensive Perspective on Applications
Jun Wang 1, *, Yanlong Wang 1 , Guang Li 2 and Zhengyuan Qi 1

                                         1   College of Information Science and Technology, Gansu Agricultural University, Lanzhou 730070, China;
                                             wanyl@st.gsau.edu.cn (Y.W.); qizy@st.gsau.edu.cn (Z.Q.)
                                         2   College of Forestry, Gansu Agricultural University, Lanzhou 730070, China; lig@gsau.edu.cn
                                         *   Correspondence: wangjun@gsau.edu.cn


                                         Abstract: Due to current global population growth, resource shortages, and climate change, traditional
                                         agricultural models face major challenges. Precision agriculture (PA), as a way to realize the accurate
                                         management and decision support of agricultural production processes using modern information
                                         technology, is becoming an effective method of solving these challenges. In particular, the combination
                                         of remote sensing technology and machine learning algorithms brings new possibilities for PA.
                                         However, there are relatively few comprehensive and systematic reviews on the integrated application
                                         of these two technologies. For this reason, this study conducts a systematic literature search using
                                         the Web of Science, Scopus, Google Scholar, and PubMed databases and analyzes the integrated
                                         application of remote sensing technology and machine learning algorithms in PA over the last
                                         10 years. The study found that: (1) because of their varied characteristics, different types of remote
                                         sensing data exhibit significant differences in meeting the needs of PA, in which hyperspectral remote
                                         sensing is the most widely used method, accounting for more than 30% of the results. The application
                                         of UAV remote sensing offers the greatest potential, accounting for about 24% of data, and showing
                                         an upward trend. (2) Machine learning algorithms displays obvious advantages in promoting the
                                         development of PA, in which the support vector machine algorithm is the most widely used method,
                                         accounting for more than 20%, followed by random forest algorithm, accounting for about 18% of
                                         the methods used. In addition, this study also discusses the main challenges faced currently, such as
                                         the difficult problems regarding the acquisition and processing of high-quality remote sensing data,
Citation: Wang, J.; Wang, Y.; Li, G.;
                                         model interpretation, and generalization ability, and considers future development trends, such as
Qi, Z. Integration of Remote Sensing
                                         promoting agricultural intelligence and automation, strengthening international cooperation and
and Machine Learning for Precision
                                         sharing, and the sustainable transformation of achievements. In summary, this study can provide new
Agriculture: A Comprehensive
                                         ideas and references for remote sensing combined with machine learning to promote the development
Perspective on Applications.
Agronomy 2024, 14, 1975. https://
                                         of PA.
doi.org/10.3390/agronomy14091975
                                         Keywords: agricultural monitoring; disease and pest detection; land use and management; yield
Academic Editor: Maofang Gao
                                         prediction; agricultural sustainable development
Received: 15 July 2024
Revised: 25 August 2024
Accepted: 27 August 2024
Published: 1 September 2024              1. Introduction
                                                In the context of rapid global climate change, agricultural practices are facing unprece-
                                         dented uncertainties and challenges, such as climate warming, sea-level rise, drought and
                                         flooding, and other extreme hydroclimatic frequent occurrence [1–4]. At the same time, the
Copyright: © 2024 by the authors.
                                         global population is expected to reach 8.7 billion by 2030 and climb to 9.7 billion by 2050,
Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
                                         which undoubtedly puts tremendous pressure on global food production [5]. However,
This article is an open access article
distributed under the terms and
                                         it is gratifying that in recent years, with the increase in investment in science, technology,
conditions of the Creative Commons
                                         and agricultural research, the development of PA has achieved specific results [6,7]. This
Attribution (CC BY) license (https://    progress not only changes the traditional mode of agricultural production, but also aims to
creativecommons.org/licenses/by/         optimize agricultural inputs (seeds, water resources, chemicals) through the application of
4.0/).                                   advanced technologies (such as remote sensing, machine learning algorithms, agricultural




Agronomy 2024, 14, 1975. https://doi.org/10.3390/agronomy14091975                                        https://www.mdpi.com/journal/agronomy
Agronomy 2024, 14, 1975                                                                                           2 of 32



                          robots, etc.), to effectively manage crop variability, to maintain or even increase yields,
                          and to cleverly avoid potential losses, thereby improving the efficiency and profitability of
                          agricultural systems [8]. For example, in 2023, Yomo et al. used the maximum likelihood
                          algorithm, based on Landsat-8 remote sensing images, to classify land use and land cover,
                          and by using the multi-layer perceptron–Markov chain modeling method, the results show
                          that the overall accuracy (Kappa coefficient) is as high as 92% [9]. This study shows that
                          the accuracy of agricultural monitoring and recognition can be significantly improved
                          by integrating advanced remote sensing technology and machine learning algorithms.
                          In addition, in another study, the integrated learning random forest classifier is used to
                          study the progressive lodging-sensitive characteristics of rice types based on multi-spectral
                          (444–842 nm) fusion unmanned aerial vehicle technology, with an overall accuracy of
                          96.1% [10]. These examples prove the effective application of advanced technologies and
                          algorithms in PA. Although PA offers many advantages, limitations such as information
                          accuracy, large data requirements, operational complexity, and high initial cost cannot be
                          ignored [11]. Therefore, for most countries in the world, it is necessary to actively promote
                          the coordinated development of PA, remote sensing (RS), and machine learning (ML); to
                          ensure agricultural production safety; and strictly abide by the food safety red line.
                                In recent years, researchers have engaged in multi-dimensional, deep exploration and
                          have exerted extensive efforts in the development of PA, which is mainly reflected in the
                          research and application of new technologies, covering many key links such as personnel
                          training, policy support, etc. [12,13]. The aim is to overcome the shortcomings of traditional
                          agriculture, such as time-consuming and strenuous labor requirements, improper use of
                          resources, unstable crop yield, and environmental pollution [14,15]. In this context, it is
                          actually a complex and critical challenge to accurately monitor crop growth and conditions
                          at multiple scales in different locations and environments in real time and to use data
                          with different time resolutions to meet a variety of purposes. In fact, it is a complex
                          and critical challenge to respond quickly to extreme events according to changing climate
                          conditions [16,17]. Fortunately, RS technology has developed rapidly in agriculture, forestry,
                          hydrology, environmental protection, and other fields because of its unique advantages
                          (such as synchronization, timeliness, spatiotemporal continuity, and large-scale observation
                          ability) [18–22]. RS is a technology that can obtain information regarding the earth’s surface
                          without physical contact. It uses sensors to capture and record electromagnetic radiation
                          signals reflected, emitted, or scattered from the earth’s surface via a long distance, and
                          then to continuously identify, measure, and evaluate the characteristics of target objects
                          located on, above, or even below the earth’s surface by analyzing these signals [23]. This
                          not only greatly improves the efficiency of agricultural information acquisition, but also
                          provides strong support for dealing with agriculture in extreme weather, allowing crop
                          managers to implement timely measures to reduce the impact of disasters and to ensure
                          the safety and stability of agricultural production [24,25]. In addition, with the maturity of
                          RS inversion algorithms (linear regression, the PROSAIL physical model, neural networks),
                          inversion datasets based on RS images have also appeared, including inversion product
                          datasets based on MODIS, Landsat-8, and Sentinel-2 images, e.g., water quality and water
                          environment elements inversion, vegetation parameter inversion, land surface temperature
                          inversion, and soil parameter inversion products. These provide reliable and rich data
                          sources for agricultural RS-related research [26–28].
                                It is well known that most agricultural RS data comprise information provided by
                          visible light and near infrared radiation reflected (or transmitted) by plants, measured ac-
                          cording to wavelength, e.g., spectral reflectance [29]. According to the change in vegetation,
                          the spectral data commonly used in PA include visible (400 nm), near infrared (700 nm),
                          and short-wave infrared (1300 nm) light [30,31]. In addition, multi-spectral remote sensing
                          and hyperspectral remote sensing have also been proven to be effective means of plant
                          phenotypic analysis, crop index acquisition, and stress monitoring [32]. For example, Euro-
                          pean Sentinel-2, ENVISAT MERIS, French SPOT satellite, NOAA AVHRR satellite, India’s
                          Hyperion, China’s GF series, and HJ remote sensing data have been widely used [33–35].
Agronomy 2024, 14, 1975                                                                                           3 of 32



                          It is worth mentioning that the emergence of unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) marks a
                          new era of RS. UAVs are a type of unmanned small aircraft which are often used to carry
                          remote sensing equipment for aerial data acquisition. They can provide more abundant
                          and comprehensive spectral, spatial, and temporal resolution data, vegetation height data,
                          and multi-angle observation, and exhibit high efficiency, convenience, low cost, and strong
                          adaptability [36]. There have been many successful cases of their use in crop classification,
                          weed detection, and vegetation monitoring, which prove the feasibility of the use of UAVs
                          in PA [37]. For example, in 2024, Marques et al. overcame the limitation of limited spectral
                          coverage based on UAVs, especially under low light, fog, or smoke conditions, to achieve
                          real-time, efficient, and distributed accurate monitoring [38]. Bah et al. used UAV images to
                          detect weeds in the field in 2017, with an accuracy of more than 90% [39]. Yang et al. used
                          UAV image information to identify rice lodging, based on a decision tree (DT) algorithm,
                          in 2017, with an overall accuracy of 96.17% [40].
                                As the core means of dealing with agricultural remote sensing information, the ML
                          model has been widely used and deeply studied in recent years. ML is a data analysis
                          method that allows computer systems to automatically learn patterns and rules from
                          data without explicit programming [41]. Researchers tend to use ML as an integrated
                          framework for feature collection and classification, prediction, or decision support [42].
                          With the improvement in big data’s computing power, many classical algorithms have
                          been optimized and improved, and new models and methods continue to emerge [43].
                          Common ML methods include DT, support vector machine (SVM), and logical regression
                          (LR). The core of these methods is to identify optimized methods of obtaining statistical
                          information in order to automatically and efficiently solve practical problems such as
                          classification and regression [44]. In addition, the convolution neural network (CNN)
                          method, based on ML, offers unique advantages in the field of image processing. It can
                          automatically extract deep features from images and achieve accurate classification or
                          recognition tasks [45]. Because of their unique data expression abilities, these technologies
                          can learn and extract valuable information automatically, thus effectively avoiding the
                          complexity and subjectivity inherent in traditional methods, significantly improving the
                          efficiency and generalization regarding processing multi-platform RS data [46]. It is these
                          advantages of ML that have attracted more attention from agricultural researchers and
                          experts, identifying it as the driving factor for the development of PA [47–51].
                                In view of the major challenges posed by global population growth, resource shortage,
                          and climate change to traditional agricultural models, the purpose of this study is to explore
                          the methods for promoting the development of PA by integrating RS technology and ML
                          algorithms. In order to achieve this goal, based on the keywords such as “remote sensing
                          (RS)”, “machine learning (ML)” and “precision agriculture (PA)”, we used databases such
                          as the Web of Science, Scopus, Google Scholar, and PubMed to search the related literature
                          from 2014 to 2024. We selected more than 12,000 related research articles and conducted
                          a quantitative analysis of these articles (as shown in Figure 1). The results of the analysis
                          show that the number of related publications showed an overall upward trend during the
                          decade from 2014–2024 (as shown in Figure 1a). In order to ensure the comprehensiveness
                          and depth of the study, on the basis of the preliminary search, we also combined the
                          keywords such as “agricultural monitoring”, “detection of diseases and insect pests”, “land
                          use and management”, “yield prediction”, and “agricultural sustainable development” for
                          further screening. After a rigorous screening process, more than 330 peer-reviewed papers
                          published between 2014 and 2024 related to agricultural science, environmental science,
                          and related cross-disciplines were identified, from which it can be observed that the number
                          of research papers is also increasing year by year (as shown in Figure 1b). In addition, from
                          the perspective of international cooperation and regional distribution, researchers in China,
                          the United States, Brazil, and other countries have made significant contributions to the
                          application of remote sensing and machine learning in precision agriculture. However, at
                          the same time, we also note that there is an obvious imbalance in the spatial distribution
                          of these studies, and there are great differences in research contributions among different
  Agronomy
  Agronomy 2024,
           2024, 14,
                 14, xx FOR
                        FOR PEER
                            PEER REVIEW
                                 REVIEW                                                                                                   44 of
                                                                                                                                             of 34
                                                                                                                                                34



Agronomy 2024, 14, 1975                                                                                                                      4 of 32
                                   made
                                   made significant
                                           significant contributions
                                                       contributions to  to the
                                                                            the application
                                                                                 application of
                                                                                              of remote
                                                                                                 remote sensing
                                                                                                          sensing and
                                                                                                                    and machine
                                                                                                                          machine learning
                                                                                                                                     learning
                                   in
                                   in precision
                                      precision agriculture.
                                                  agriculture. However,
                                                                  However, at at the
                                                                                 the same
                                                                                     same time,
                                                                                            time, we
                                                                                                  we also
                                                                                                      also note
                                                                                                            note that
                                                                                                                  that there
                                                                                                                        there is
                                                                                                                              is an
                                                                                                                                 an obvious
                                                                                                                                     obvious
                                   imbalance
                                   imbalance in the spatial distribution of these studies, and there are great diﬀerences in
                                                in the  spatial   distribution   of these  studies,  and   there are  great   diﬀerences    in
                                  regions
                                   research  (as shown in Figure       2). Therefore,   through    the in-depth    analysis    and summary of
                                   research contributions
                                              contributions among
                                                               among diﬀerent      regions (as
                                                                        diﬀerent regions    (as shown
                                                                                                shown inin Figure
                                                                                                            Figure 2).
                                                                                                                    2). Therefore,
                                                                                                                        Therefore, through
                                                                                                                                     through
                                  the
                                   the existing
                                   the in-depth
                                                  research
                                       in-depth analysis
                                                  analysis and
                                                              results,
                                                             and summary
                                                                        we systematically
                                                                   summary of  of the
                                                                                  the existing
                                                                                                sort out results,
                                                                                      existing research
                                                                                                           the application
                                                                                                research results,  we          status ofsort
                                                                                                                   we systematically
                                                                                                                        systematically sort
                                                                                                                                           remote
                                  sensing
                                   out the   technology
                                            application    and
                                                          status  machine
                                                                  of remote  learning
                                                                              sensing   in precision
                                                                                       technology      agriculture
                                                                                                     and   machine    and   discuss
                                                                                                                     learning
                                   out the application status of remote sensing technology and machine learning in precision    in     the current
                                                                                                                                   precision
                                  challenges
                                   agricultureand
                                   agriculture   andpossible
                                                 and discuss
                                                     discuss the future
                                                                the      development
                                                                    current
                                                                    current   challengesdirections
                                                                             challenges   and
                                                                                          and possiblein this
                                                                                                possible      field.
                                                                                                         future
                                                                                                          future     Thus, this directions
                                                                                                                 development
                                                                                                                 development       study exhibits
                                                                                                                                  directions
                                  important
                                   in this      theoretical
                                           field. Thus,  this and
                                                               studypractical
                                                                      exhibits  significance.
                                                                                 important   theoretical  and  practical   significance.
                                   in this field. Thus, this study exhibits important theoretical and practical significance.




                                   Figure
                                   Figure 1.
                                  Figure   1. The
                                               Thechanging
                                              The   changing
                                                   changing  trend  of
                                                                trend
                                                             trend   of peer-reviewed  papers
                                                                        of peer-reviewed
                                                                        peer-reviewed          published
                                                                                            papers
                                                                                        papers            in
                                                                                                           in the
                                                                                                              the past
                                                                                                      published
                                                                                               published                 10
                                                                                                                         10 years,
                                                                                                                    in the
                                                                                                                   past     past   based
                                                                                                                            years,10      on
                                                                                                                                           on key-
                                                                                                                                      years,
                                                                                                                                    based     based
                                                                                                                                               key- on
                                   word   retrieval
                                   word retrieval   over time.
                                                    overover   (a)
                                                         time.time. Using
                                                                (a) Using  the Web
                                                                           the Web  of Science,  Scopus, Google    Scholar,   and  PubMed    data-
                                  keyword     retrieval                (a) Using  theofWeb
                                                                                       Science,  Scopus, Scopus,
                                                                                            of Science,  Google Scholar,
                                                                                                                     Googleand     PubMed
                                                                                                                               Scholar,  anddata-
                                                                                                                                               PubMed
                                   bases,
                                   bases, we
                                           we searched
                                               searched  12,000
                                                         12,000  papers
                                                                 papers   published
                                                                          published  over the
                                                                                          the past
                                                                                     over overpast  10
                                                                                                    10 years;
                                                                                                       years;  (b)
                                                                                                               (b) the
                                                                                                                   the  changing
                                                                                                                        changing   trend  of
                                                                                                                                          of peer-
                                                                                                                                    trendtrend
                                                                                                                                             peer-
                                  databases,
                                   reviewed    we  searched   12,000  papers  published         the past 10 years;   (b)  the changing           of peer-
                                   reviewed papers
                                               papers published
                                                      published in in agricultural
                                                                      agricultural science,
                                                                                   science, environmental
                                                                                            environmental science,
                                                                                                              science, and
                                                                                                                         and related
                                                                                                                              related cross-fields
                                                                                                                                       cross-fields
                                  reviewed
                                   over       papersyears,
                                                      published on  in agricultural science, environmental science, and related cross-fields
                                   over the
                                        the past
                                             past 10
                                                  10 years, based
                                                            based on keywords.
                                                                        keywords.
                                  over the past 10 years, based on keywords.




                                   Figure
                                  Figure  2.
                                   Figure2.  The
                                          2. The geographical
                                                  geographical distribution
                                             The geographical  distributionof
                                                               distribution   ofprecision
                                                                             of  precisionagriculture
                                                                                precision   agricultureresearch
                                                                                           agriculture  research
                                                                                                          researchbased
                                                                                                                   based on the
                                                                                                                         onon
                                                                                                                     based        combination
                                                                                                                             thethe
                                                                                                                                  combination
                                                                                                                                    combination of
                                   of remote
                                   of remote  sensing
                                              sensing technology
                                                      technology  and
                                                                  and ML;
                                                                       ML;  the change
                                                                            thechange    in color
                                                                                 changeinincolor  reflects
                                                                                            colorreflects  the
                                                                                                  reflectsthe   diﬀerence
                                                                                                            the difference in
                                                                                                                diﬀerence in  research quan-
                                  remote  sensing  technology   and  ML;  the                                              in research
                                                                                                                               researchquan-
                                                                                                                                        quantity.
                                  tity.
                                  tity.
                                  2. Remote Sensing Technology and the Machine Learning Method
                                  2.1. Remote Sensing Data in Precision Agriculture
                                       There is no doubt that the application of RS technology in agriculture has greatly pro-
                                  moted agricultural reform. This technology enables us to collect global data on the earth’s
                                  surface, remotely on a regular basis, providing unprecedented convenience for agricultural
                          2. Remote Sensing Technology and the Machine Learning Method
                          2.1. Remote Sensing Data in Precision Agriculture
                                 There is no doubt that the application of RS technology in agriculture has greatly
Agronomy 2024, 14, 1975
                           promoted agricultural reform. This technology enables us to collect global data on the5 of 32
                           earth’s surface, remotely on a regular basis, providing unprecedented convenience for ag-
                           ricultural production and management [52–54]. Through a variety of sensors, we can di-
                          production     and management
                           rectly or indirectly                [52–54].regarding
                                                 obtain information      Throughalmosta variety   of key
                                                                                             all the  sensors,   we can
                                                                                                           elements         directly or
                                                                                                                       of agricul-
                          indirectly   obtain
                           tural practice,    information
                                            including  crop regarding
                                                            growth data, almost  all the key
                                                                            soil moisture       elements of
                                                                                              monitoring,       agricultural
                                                                                                             pest  presence andpractice,
                          including
                           pest early crop  growth
                                       warning       data, soil
                                                notification, andmoisture  monitoring,
                                                                   yield prediction.       pest
                                                                                       At the    presence
                                                                                              same          andwide
                                                                                                     time, the    pestgeograph-
                                                                                                                        early warning
                          notification,
                           ical coverageand
                                          and yield  prediction.
                                               diversified         At the
                                                           resolution      same
                                                                        of RS      time, thealso
                                                                              technology       wide   geographical
                                                                                                  provide               coverage
                                                                                                             valuable data    sup- and
                          diversified   resolution
                           port for agricultural    of RS technology
                                                  production             also provide
                                                               and management       [55]. valuable
                                                                                          As showndata     support
                                                                                                      in Figure       for agricultural
                                                                                                                 3, remote   sens-
                          production
                           ing satellitesand
                                          withmanagement       [55]. Asplay
                                                diﬀerent resolutions     shown    in Figure
                                                                             distinctive   key3,roles
                                                                                                  remote    sensing
                                                                                                       in various   PAsatellites
                                                                                                                         practiceswith
                           and  rely on  diﬀerent
                          different resolutions play distinctive key roles in various PA practices and rely specific
                                                   characteristics and  advantages    to  comprehensively      serve  the  on different
                           needs of PA from
                          characteristics    andmany   angles [56,57].
                                                  advantages            With the continuous
                                                                 to comprehensively        serveupdating
                                                                                                  the specificandneeds
                                                                                                                   upgrading
                                                                                                                           of PAoffrom
                           remote   sensing  sensors, agricultural   managers   and    practitioners
                          many angles [56,57]. With the continuous updating and upgrading of remote    will continue    to benefit
                                                                                                                               sensing
                           from   the in-depth  application   of RS  technology;    for example,   the   use
                          sensors, agricultural managers and practitioners will continue to benefit from the  of RS  data   shows
                                                                                                                              in-depth
                           high practicability
                          application            and eﬀectiveness
                                        of RS technology;            in evaluating
                                                            for example,    the use and
                                                                                      of RSmonitoring
                                                                                              data shows  agricultural    practice and
                                                                                                             high practicability
                           [58,59].
                          effectiveness in evaluating and monitoring agricultural practice [58,59].




                           Figure 3.
                          Figure  3. The
                                     The comprehensive
                                         comprehensive application
                                                       applicationframework
                                                                   frameworkofofdiﬀerent
                                                                                 differentremote
                                                                                           remotesensing
                                                                                                  sensingsatellites inin
                                                                                                           satellites  preci-
                                                                                                                         precision
                           sion agriculture.
                          agriculture.
                                 In general,
                                 In general, when
                                              whenobtaining
                                                      obtainingremote
                                                                   remote sensing
                                                                            sensingdata,  thethe
                                                                                      data,    value   of RS
                                                                                                   value    ofimages
                                                                                                                RS imageswithwithappro- appro-
                           priate  resolution,  band,  reliable   quality, and  cost-eﬀectiveness      can
                          priate resolution, band, reliable quality, and cost-effectiveness can be maximized be  maximized        if they
                                                                                                                                        if they
                           are selected according to specific agricultural problems [60,61]. For example, using daily
                          are  selected according to specific agricultural problems [60,61]. For example, using daily
                           10 m NDVI data from Sentinel-2 images can allow for the quick, eﬃcient, and accurate
                          10 m NDVI data from Sentinel-2 images can allow for the quick, efficient, and accurate
                           monitoring of the flowering date of apples, subsequently providing technical reference for
                          monitoring of the flowering date of apples, subsequently providing technical reference for
                           the accurate classification and growth trend prediction of fruit trees [62]. In another study,
                          the accurate classification and growth trend prediction of fruit trees [62]. In another study,
                           the use of Landsat-8 images with a spatial resolution of 10 to 30 m provided a promising
                          the use of Landsat-8 images with a spatial resolution of 10 to 30 m provided a promising
                           solution for disease detection in mixed forests in southern China [63]. In other studies
                          solution
                           regardingforthedisease
                                           detectiondetection
                                                       of plant in   mixedand
                                                                  diseases   forests
                                                                                 pestsininfecting
                                                                                          southern     China [63].
                                                                                                   vegetation,          In other ac-
                                                                                                                    the detection      studies
                          regarding
                           curacy doesthenotdetection
                                              seem to beofsatisfactory
                                                             plant diseases
                                                                         basedand     pests light
                                                                                 on visible   infecting
                                                                                                   (780 nm) vegetation,
                                                                                                                 data [64]. the
                                                                                                                              In adetection
                                                                                                                                     2023
                          accuracy    does   not seem     to be  satisfactory   based   on  visible   light
                           study by Zhu et al., although the use of UAV technology can confirm the importance (780   nm)    data    [64].
                                                                                                                                        of In a
                          2023   study  by  Zhu   et al., although   the  use  of UAV    technology      can   confirm
                           red-light bands and adjacent bands, it did not achieve the desired results in the investiga-   the    importance
                          of  red-light
                           tion  of plantbands   andand
                                          diseases     adjacent    bands, itvegetation
                                                           pests invading     did not achieve      the desired
                                                                                           [65]. However,       it isresults
                                                                                                                      gratifyingin the   inves-
                                                                                                                                      that
                          tigation   of plant   diseases    and   pests invading    vegetation      [65].   However,
                           multi-spectral remote sensing data, with rich bands and a wide range of wavelengths, can        it  is  gratifying
                          that  multi-spectral
                           capture               remote
                                     subtle changes         sensingplants
                                                      in infected    data,aﬀected
                                                                            with richbybands
                                                                                         diseasesandanda wide
                                                                                                          insectrange
                                                                                                                   pests, of
                                                                                                                          thuswavelengths,
                                                                                                                                   show-
                          can   capture  subtle   changes     in infected  plants   affected   by   diseases     and
                           ing excellent ability for early pest detection [66]. In their research in 2024, Ren et al.  insect     pests,
                                                                                                                                    used thus
                          showing excellent ability for early pest detection [66]. In their research in 2024, Ren et al.
                          used the characteristics of UAVs to obtain crop growth status quickly and accurately in
                          small and medium-sized areas [67]. By effectively assimilating remote sensing data with
                          the WOFOST model using the Kalman filter algorithm, the accuracy of the yield simulation
                          of different processing schemes is significantly improved, and more accurate and reliable
                          yield prediction information is provided for agricultural producers.
                               In the practical application of PA, according to different requirements and application
                          scenarios, commonly used RS data sources include hyperspectral, multispectral, and ther-
                          mal infrared remote sensing; LiDAR remote sensing; SAR remote sensing; UAV technology;
                             and medium-sized areas [67]. By eﬀectively assimilating remote sensing data with the
                             WOFOST model using the Kalman filter algorithm, the accuracy of the yield simulation
                             of diﬀerent processing schemes is significantly improved, and more accurate and reliable
                             yield prediction information is provided for agricultural producers.
Agronomy 2024, 14, 1975           In the practical application of PA, according to diﬀerent requirements and applica-    6 of 32
                             tion scenarios, commonly used RS data sources include hyperspectral, multispectral, and
                             thermal infrared remote sensing; LiDAR remote sensing; SAR remote sensing; UAV tech-
                             nology;
                          etc.        etc. Asinshown
                                As shown         Figurein4,Figure 4, the application
                                                            the application          of various
                                                                             of various RS dataRS   data sources
                                                                                                 sources   in PA isinshown
                                                                                                                      PA is in
                          detail, including the time distribution and the proportion of RS data sources in PA.inThis
                             shown   in detail, including  the time distribution and the proportion  of RS data  sources
                             PA. This information
                          information    undoubtedly undoubtedly
                                                          provides provides
                                                                    valuablevaluable references
                                                                             references         for agricultural
                                                                                        for agricultural managersmanagers
                                                                                                                     and prac-
                             and practitioners, not only to help them develop a more comprehensive and in-depth un-
                          titioners, not only to help them develop a more comprehensive and in-depth understanding
                             derstanding of the characteristics and applicability of various RS technologies but also to
                          of the characteristics and applicability of various RS technologies but also to provide strong
                             provide strong support for them in making scientific and reasonable decisions in real-
                          support for them in making scientific and reasonable decisions in real-world situations.
                             world situations.




                             Figure
                          Figure    4. 4.Remote
                                          Remotesensing
                                                  sensingdata
                                                           datacommonly
                                                                commonly used
                                                                           used in precision agriculture.
                                                                                             agriculture.(a)
                                                                                                           (a)The
                                                                                                               Thedistribution
                                                                                                                   distributioncharac-
                                                                                                                                 character-
                             teristics   of diﬀerent types of remote sensing  data over time, marked  in  diﬀerent colors; (b) the sta-
                          istics of different types of remote sensing data over time, marked in different colors; (b) the statistical
                             tistical analysis of the proportion of all types of remote sensing data sources, based on the literature
                          analysis of the proportion of all types of remote sensing data sources, based on the literature retrieved
                             retrieved in this paper.
                          in this paper.
                            2.2.Overview
                          2.2.   Overviewofofthe
                                              theUse
                                                 Use of
                                                     of ML
                                                        ML Algorithms
                                                           AlgorithmsininPrecision
                                                                          PrecisionAgriculture
                                                                                    Agriculture
                                 The concept of machine learning (ML) can usually be traced back to Alan Turing’s
                                The  concept of machine learning (ML) can usually be traced back to Alan Turing’s clas-
                            classic research article published in 1950, i.e., the possibility that machines can exhibit be-
                          sic research article published in 1950, i.e., the possibility that machines can exhibit behaviors
                            haviors similar to human intelligence [68,69]. This concept continued to develop in the
                          similar to human intelligence [68,69]. This concept continued to develop in the following
                            following decades and gradually became a vital branch of computer science. The core
                          decades and gradually became a vital branch of computer science. The core principle of
                            principle of ML is to automatically learn and sum up the rules in the input data, realizing
                          ML is to automatically learn and sum up the rules in the input data, realizing the accurate
                            the accurate prediction or classification of unknown data by extracting key features and
                          prediction   or classification of unknown data by extracting key features and constructing
                            constructing mapping functions [70]. In addition, as the core component of artificial intel-
                          mapping     functions  [70]. In addition,
                            ligence, ML gives computer               as the
                                                           systems the       coretocomponent
                                                                         ability                 of artificial
                                                                                    perform a variety          intelligence,
                                                                                                         of tasks eﬃciently,ML
                          gives  computer    systems  the ability to perform    a variety  of tasks efficiently,
                            and continues to promote the innovation and development of intelligent technology    and   continues
                                                                                                                         [71].
                          to promote the innovation and development of intelligent technology [71]. Generally
                          speaking, ML mainly contains three elements, namely: a model, objective functions, and
                          an optimization algorithm. The model explains the correlation between input and output
                          and the meaning and range of the parameters, the objective function measures the differ-
                          ence between the model prediction and the actual results, and the optimization algorithm
                          minimizes or maximizes the objective function by iteratively adjusting the parameters. As
                          a result, the best model parameters are obtained [72,73]. According to different types of
                          learning, ML can be divided into four main categories: supervised learning, unsupervised
                          learning, semi-supervised learning, and reinforcement learning [74,75]. In Table 1, the
                          applications of the four main categories of algorithms in PA and their scope of application
                          are listed and described in detail.
Agronomy 2024, 14, 1975                                                                                                               7 of 32



                                   Table 1. Common machine learning algorithms and references in the field of precision agriculture.

                                Model Name                         Application of Precision Agriculture                     Reference
                                                      Classification of different crop diseases, soil types, etc.;
                          Naive Bayes                                                                                       [76,77]
                                                      prediction of the yield of wheat, corn, and other crops.
                                                      Assessment of the risk level of pest occurrence; prediction of the
                          Logistic Regression                                                                               [78,79]
                                                      yield of wheat, corn, and other crops.
                                                      Optimization of the amount of fertilizer application to improve
                          Linear Regression                                                                                 [80,81]
                                                      the prediction accuracy of wheat, corn, and other crops yield.
                                                      Detection of the extent to which crops are attacked by diseases
                          Lasso Regression                                                                                  [82,83]
                                                      and insect pests.
                                                      Classification and identification of different crop species and
                          AdaBoosT Algorithm                                                                                [84,85]
                                                      detection of crop diseases and insect pests.
                                                      Classification of soil types, identification of crop varieties, and
                          Linear Discriminant
                                                      determination of the effects of different soil fertilities on crop    [86,87]
                          Analysis
                                                      growth.
                                                      Analysis of crop growth time series data and prediction of time
                          Recurrent Neural Network                                                                          [88,89]
                                                      series changes in crop diseases and insect pests.
                                                      Selection of pest management strategies; identification of crop
                          Decision Tree                                                                                     [90,91]
                                                      pest types.
                          Nearest Neighbor            Identification of different crop varieties; evaluation of soil
                                                                                                                            [92,93]
                          Algorithm                   fertility grades.
                                                      Prediction of yield of wheat, corn, and other crops based on
                          XGBoost Algorithm                                                                                 [84,85]
                                                      climate, soil conditions, and other variables.
                                                      Forecasting the long-term trend of crop yield based on climate
 Supervised               Long Short-Term Memory
                                                      variables, such as precipitation and temperature, and prediction      [94,95]
 Learning                 Network
                                                      of the outbreak of crop diseases and insect pests by time series.
                                                      Crop growth monitoring and modeling, using remote sensing
                          Support Vector Regression                                                                         [80,96]
                                                      reflectance data to predict crop leaf area index, yield, etc.
                                                      Identification of crop diseases and insect pests; crop growth
                          Artificial Neural Network   monitoring and modeling; prediction of crop leaf area index,          [97,98]
                                                      yield, etc.
                                                      Identification of crop leaf diseases and detection of disease
                          Convolutional Neural
                                                      invasion degree of crop leaves; prediction of crop leaf area          [87,99]
                          Algorithm
                                                      index, yield, etc.
                                                      Identification of crop diseases and insect pests; crop growth
                          Random Forest               monitoring and modeling; prediction of crop leaf area index,          [100,101]
                                                      yield, etc.
                                                      Identification of crop diseases and insect pests; crop growth
                          Support Vector Machine      monitoring and modeling; prediction of crop leaf area index,          [102,103]
                                                      yield, etc.
                                                      Identification of crop leaf diseases and detection of disease
                          CatBoosT Algorithm                                                                                [96,104]
                                                      invasion degree of crop leaves.
                                                      Prediction of soil nutrients and key nutrient content based on
                          Ridge Regression                                                                                  [105,106]
                                                      soil sample data.
                                                      Optimization of model parameters to improve the accuracy of
                                                      agricultural prediction and decision-making models;
                          Random Gradient Descent                                                                           [107,108]
                                                      application to complex agricultural system modeling and
                                                      prediction.
                                                      Assessment of soil quality; prediction of soil fertility, acidity,
 Semi supervised          Generative
                                                      alkalinity, etc.; prediction and control of diseases and insect       [109,110]
 learning                 Semi-Supervised Learning
                                                      pests.
                                                      Identification and classification of diseases and insect pests;
                          Autoencoders                                                                                      [111]
                                                      assessment of the risk level of pest occurrence.
                                                      Identification, classification, and risk assessment of diseases
 Unsupervised             Co-Training                                                                                       [112]
                                                      and insect pests; soil type classification.
Agronomy 2024, 14, 1975                                                                                                        8 of 32



                                   Table 1. Cont.

                                Model Name                        Application of Precision Agriculture                 Reference
                                                     Identification of crop diseases and insect pests; crop growth
                          Probabilistic Graphical
                                                     monitoring and modeling; prediction of crop leaf area index,      [113]
                          Model
                                                     yield, etc.
                          Independent Component      Identification, classification, and risk assessment of diseases
                                                                                                                       [114]
                          Analysis                   and insect pests; soil type classification.
                          Anomaly Detection
 Learning                                            Detection of crop wilt, soil moisture, and pH anomaly.            [115]
                          Algorithm
                          Self-Organizing Maps       Classification of crops and rapid identification of soil types.   [116]
                          K-Means Clustering         Accurate identification of crops.                                 [117]
                          Principal Component        Accurate classification of crops based on their growth
                                                                                                                       [87]
                          Analysis                   characteristics (such as color, texture, size, etc.).
                                                     Retrieval of key growth information, such as vegetation index,
                          Deep Q-Network                                                                               [118]
                                                     to effectively monitor crop growth and development.
 Reinforcement            Policy Gradient Methods    Optimization of crop irrigation and fertilization strategies.     [89]
                                                     Optimization of agricultural decision making and
                          Q-learning                                                                                   [119]
                                                     environmental interaction.


                                        Recent studies have shown that with the improvement of computing performance
                                   and the enhancement of massive datasets, ML has shown strong application capabilities
                                   in many fields, especially in the field of PA [120,121]. In particular, a series of emerging
                                   algorithms and technologies, such as deep learning (DL), intelligent optimization, neural
                                   networks, computer vision, and data enhancement, continue to emerge. These improve-
                                   ments have not only injected a strong impetus into the field of ML but have also provided
                                   rich opportunities at all stages of agriculture. They enable agricultural practitioners to
                                   respond more effectively to challenges and to achieve specific goals [122]. As shown in
                                   Figure 5, the frequency distribution of the algorithm is obtained by searching the keywords
                                   “ML” and “PA”. From the chart, we can see that ML is widely used in the field of PA, and
                                   the SVM algorithm displays the highest frequency, accounting for more than 20%, followed
                                   by the random forest (RF) algorithm, accounting for about 18%.
                                        In addition, in the specific application of PA, different algorithms have revealed
                                   their own advantages, achieving a series of encouraging results. For example, Sladojevic
                                   et al. proposed a new plant leaf disease detection and classification model based on
                                   deep CNN. The model can accurately identify 13 different plant diseases and effectively
                                   distinguish plant leaves from the surrounding environment, which provides a powerful
                                   tool for plant health monitoring [123]. Li et al. have made remarkable progress in the
                                   field of vegetable disease detection. They propose a lightweight network improvement
                                   algorithm based on YOLOv5s. The algorithm effectively eliminates external interference
                                   and significantly enhances the ability for multi-scale feature extraction, thus improving the
                                   scope and performance of disease detection [124]. Ashwinkuma et al. developed a CNN
                                   based on the optimal mobile network, which is used to automatically detect and classify
                                   plant leaf diseases. The experimental results show that the CNN model performs well: the
                                   maximum accuracy is 0.985, the recall rate is 0.9892, the accuracy is 0.987, and the Kappa
                                   coefficient is 0.985 [125]. Yu et al. used DL target detection technology to extract image
                                   feature information through a complex network structure to achieve the non-destructive
                                   recognition of crop diseases. Compared with the traditional method, this technique delivers
                                   higher recognition accuracy, faster detection speed, and good stability in the visible light
                                   range [126]. Ang et al. creatively used Landsat-8 time series satellite images, combined with
                                   ML and the normalized difference vegetation index (NDVI), to successfully develop an
                                   effective new method of yield prediction [127]. Aydin et al. tested gradient lifting methods
                                   such as XGBoost, LightGBM, and CatBoost for soil sample classification and achieved high
                                   classification accuracy of up to 90%. Compared with the results of previous studies, the
                                   prediction accuracy was significantly improved [128].
Agronomy  2024,
    Agronomy    14, 1975
             2024,  14, x FOR PEER REVIEW                                                                                                          9 of 32
                                                                                                                                              9 of 34




                                     Figure 5. The distribution of the most commonly used machine learning algorithms is obtained
                                   Figure 5. The distribution of the most commonly used machine learning algorithms is obtained based
                                     based on the keywords “machine learning” and “precision agriculture”.
                                   on the keywords “machine learning” and “precision agriculture”.
                                          In addition,
                                   3. Integrated       in the specific
                                                  Application          application
                                                                  of Remote         of PA,
                                                                                Sensing    diﬀerent algorithms
                                                                                         Technology             have revealed their
                                                                                                        and the Machine
                                     own  advantages,
                                   Learning Method      achieving   a series of encouraging  results. For example, Sladojevic et al.
                                     proposed  a new  plant  leaf disease  detection
                                   3.1. Agricultural Monitoring and Identification   and classification model based on deep CNN.
                                     The model can accurately identify 13 diﬀerent plant diseases and eﬀectively distinguish
                                     plantRecent
                                            leavesscientific
                                                     from the research
                                                                 surrounding shows    that the integration
                                                                                  environment,      which providesof RSatechnology
                                                                                                                           powerful tool  andforML    meth-
                                                                                                                                                  plant
                                   ods
                                     health monitoring [123]. Li et al. have made remarkable progress in the field of vegetableand
                                         resulted    in remarkable       progress     from   its application       to  agricultural     monitoring
                                   identification.
                                     disease detection.RS technology
                                                             They propose   cana efficiently
                                                                                 lightweightobtain
                                                                                                 network crop   planting area,
                                                                                                            improvement            growthbased
                                                                                                                                algorithm      status,
                                                                                                                                                     onand
                                   other   important     information,     while    ML   technology     can   accurately     detect
                                     YOLOv5s. The algorithm eﬀectively eliminates external interference and significantly en-        targets   and  extract
                                   features   from
                                     hances the       thesefor
                                                   ability     rich  RS data feature
                                                                 multi-scale    to achieve    the precise
                                                                                         extraction,          identification
                                                                                                       thus improving             and classification
                                                                                                                             the scope    and perfor- of
                                   crops.   The   continuous       integration     and  development        of  these
                                     mance of disease detection [124]. Ashwinkuma et al. developed a CNN based on the   two   technologies      willop-
                                                                                                                                                      usher
                                   intimal
                                       a new   turning
                                             mobile        point in
                                                       network,       regards
                                                                    which         to solving
                                                                            is used             related agricultural
                                                                                      to automatically                      challenges
                                                                                                            detect and classify       plantsuch
                                                                                                                                              leafas  horti-
                                                                                                                                                   dis-
                                   culture   line experimental
                                     eases. The    detection [129],       crop
                                                                     results     recognition
                                                                               show              and classification
                                                                                      that the CNN       model performs    [130,131],
                                                                                                                               well: the and   vegetation
                                                                                                                                           maximum
                                   distribution     [132,133].
                                     accuracy is 0.985,            For example,
                                                             the recall              Zhaothe
                                                                         rate is 0.9892,     et accuracy
                                                                                                al. improved
                                                                                                           is 0.987,theand
                                                                                                                         standardized       precipitation
                                                                                                                             the Kappa coeﬃcient
                                   evapotranspiration
                                     is 0.985 [125]. Yu et index      byDL
                                                               al. used    integrating    RS data,
                                                                              target detection        and theto
                                                                                                  technology       results
                                                                                                                      extractshow
                                                                                                                               image that  the new
                                                                                                                                       feature   infor-SPEI
                                     mation
                                   can  greatlythrough
                                                  enhance  a complex    network
                                                               the capacity         structure to achieve
                                                                                for agricultural    droughtthe       non-destructive
                                                                                                                 monitoring               recognition
                                                                                                                                 [134]. Lyu     et al. used
                                     of crop
                                   EO-1        diseases.
                                           Hyperion         Compared
                                                         images,           with the
                                                                    combined          traditional
                                                                                   with              method,spectral
                                                                                         multi-terminal          this technique
                                                                                                                           mixing delivers
                                                                                                                                     analysishigher
                                                                                                                                                 and fully
                                     recognition least
                                   constrained      accuracy,
                                                            squarefaster
                                                                     pixeldetection
                                                                             mixingspeed,      and good
                                                                                       techniques,          stability in the
                                                                                                        to successfully          visible typical
                                                                                                                              identify    light range
                                                                                                                                                    vegeta-
                                     [126].  Ang   et al. creatively   used   Landsat-8    time   series  satellite
                                   tion species and improve the accuracy of grassland degradation monitoring [135].  images,    combined     with   MLXiao
                                     and   the  normalized      diﬀerence    vegetation   index    (NDVI),    to  successfully
                                   et al. fused Sentinel-2 and MODIS RS images using the enhanced spatiotemporal adaptive         develop    an  eﬀec-
                                     tive new fusion
                                   reflection    methodmodel of yield
                                                                    andprediction     [127]. Aydin
                                                                          then accurately              et al.the
                                                                                                obtained       tested
                                                                                                                  spatialgradient   lifting methods
                                                                                                                            distribution      of irrigated
                                   rice fields using the RF algorithm. Based on the Penman–Monteith model and making full
                                   use of the daily observation data of the meteorological station, the dynamic monitoring of
Agronomy 2024, 14, 1975                                                                                            10 of 32



                          water resources in the critical irrigation period has been realized, and remarkable results
                          have been achieved [136]. This application increases the feasibility for the spatiotemporal
                          fusion of multi-source RS data and makes it possible to continuously monitor the irrigation
                          dynamics of paddy fields on a large scale.
                               In addition, it is very important to evaluated the planting and distribution of crops
                          on a large scale in a timely and efficient manner. Although scholars have conductive
                          extensive research on the basis of low and medium resolution RS, due to the widespread
                          existence of mixed pixels and the lack of red edge bands, it is difficult to effectively identify
                          small plots of farmland using these techniques, resulting in unsatisfactory recognition
                          accuracy [137,138]. However, the research of Guo et al. in this field has brought new
                          breakthroughs. Using GF-6 WFV images, they constructed several DT models, which not
                          only efficiently obtained the crop planting area and its spatial distribution information, but
                          also significantly improved the accuracy of image recognition [139]. In their latest research,
                          Zhang et al. used GF-1 RS images, combined with advanced multi-scale segmentation
                          algorithms, to improve the accuracy of forest type identification in the Engebei ecolog-
                          ical demonstration areas and used nearest neighbor classification and RF classification,
                          respectively, comparing the recognition results. The results showed that the effect of RF
                          classification was superior, and the Kappa coefficients obtained over two consecutive years
                          were 0.92 and 0.90, respectively [99]. Through extensive research, scientists have reached a
                          consensus: ML algorithms, including RF, SVM, DT, etc., offer great potential in the field of
                          agricultural monitoring and recognition and can significantly improve the efficiency and
                          accuracy of monitoring and recognition [140–147].

                          3.2. Stress Detection of Diseases and Insect Pests
                                Crop diseases and insect pests are not only one of the core factors affecting plant
                          yield and quality, but they also one of the main causes of crop damage. As emphasized by
                          the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization, the damage caused by diseases
                          and insect pests to agroecosystems should not be underestimated. Unfortunately, in early
                          agricultural production, the problem of diseases and insect pests is often marginalized
                          and not given enough attention, resulting in huge economic losses [148]. Therefore, the
                          implementation of efficient and accurate detection of plant diseases and insect pests not
                          only plays a vital role in ensuring the health of the agroecosystem, improving crop yield
                          and quality, and reducing economic losses, but also plays a key role in the development of
                          PA. in recent years, it has attracted the attention of many scholars [149]. The premise for
                          achieve this goal is to accurately detect and classify diseases and insect pests, distinguishing
                          different types and estimating quantities, in order to implement accurate pest prevention
                          and control strategies. Traditional pest monitoring mainly depends on the manual iden-
                          tification of pests by insect experts or technicians; this method is not only subjective and
                          labor-intensive, but also impractical in large-scale applications [150]. However, with the
                          popularity of sensors and devices embedded with Internet connections, the combination of
                          RS and ML has opened up a new method for the detection of diseases and insect pests in
                          modern agriculture [151]. Mahanta et al. obtained rich spectral features of vegetation based
                          on a variety of sensor devices and used ML models to identify spectral patterns related to
                          specific diseases. Finally, the evaluation of the health of insects invading the forest was
                          realized, and the detection efficiency was greatly improved [152].
                                Most diseases and insect pests exhibit characteristics of concealment, latency, infectiv-
                          ity, and uncertainty, which undoubtedly increase the difficulty and cost of control and create
                          great challenges to agricultural production [153,154]. However, it is worth noting that RS
                          data from satellite sensors show that plants affected by the disease can be distinguished in a
                          relatively short period of time by identifying their spectral characteristics which differ from
                          those of healthy plants [155]. Figure 6 shows the pest monitoring process based on different
                          remote sensing data such as IDS maps, MODIS and Landsat-8 data, and drone images.
                          More importantly, through further use of ML for analysis, we can not only determine the
                          degree of damage but also accurately identify the type of disease [156,157]. In the early
Agronomy 2024, 14, 1975                                                                                                                             11 of 32



                                      detection of diseases and insect pests, many researchers tend to use traditional methods,
                                      i.e., to establish empirical statistical models between diseases and insect pests and their
                                      related factors (such as environment, climate, soil, and vegetation index) [158,159], in order
                                      to achieve the effective monitoring of diseases and insect pests. These methods include
                                      multiple linear regression, partial least squares regression, support vector regression, and
                          Agronomy 2024,
                                      RF14,regression.
                                            x FOR PEER REVIEW
                                                        For example, Ebrahimi et al. use support vector regression to detect parasites 12 of 34
                                      in crop canopy images, which greatly improves the detection accuracy [160].




                                                          Figure 6. The process of detecting insect infestation and evaluating forest health was realized based
                                    Figure 6. The process of detecting insect infestation and evaluating forest health was realized based
                                                      on IDS, MODIS, and Landsat-8 mapping, along with hyperspectral response technology.
                                    on IDS, MODIS, and Landsat-8 mapping, along with hyperspectral response technology.
                                                                In addition, through the comprehensive use of advanced image processing tech-
                                          In addition, niques
                                                       through    theascomprehensive
                                                                such     image segmentation  use of[161],
                                                                                                      advanced
                                                                                                            featureimage        processing
                                                                                                                       extraction               techniques
                                                                                                                                      [162], target   detection [163–
                                    such as image segmentation         [161],   feature    extraction    [162],    target    detection
                                                       166] and classification, researchers can solve complex problems in plant disease     [163–166]    anddetection
                                    classification, researchers     can   solve    complex      problems       in   plant    disease      detection
                                                       more accurately and eﬃciently [167]. Image segmentation technology is used to distin-           more
                                    accurately and efficiently
                                                       guish normal [167].   Image segmentation
                                                                       and abnormal                         technology
                                                                                          leaves in RS images,                 is used
                                                                                                                    while feature          to distinguish
                                                                                                                                       extraction   is used to extract
                                    normal and abnormalmeaningful
                                                              leavesinformation,
                                                                       in RS images,   such  as color,
                                                                                           while        texture,
                                                                                                   feature           shape, is
                                                                                                             extraction       etc.,
                                                                                                                                 usedfromto the  segmented
                                                                                                                                             extract   mean- regions
                                                       [168,169], providing     a more    detailed  and  accurate     method     of
                                    ingful information, such as color, texture, shape, etc., from the segmented regions [168,169],  analysis   for  disease detection
                                    providing a more detailed and accurate method of analysis for disease detection [170,171]. model
                                                       [170,171]. For   example,    studies  by  Zhang    et al.  have   shown     that  the  TinySegformer
                                                       can provide
                                    For example, studies    by Zhang  a robust    and practical
                                                                         et al. have              solution
                                                                                         shown that           for large-scale agricultural
                                                                                                        the TinySegformer            model canpest      detection be-
                                                                                                                                                    provide
                                                       cause of its high eﬃciency and accuracy, along with its light weight [172]. The interactive
                                    a robust and practical solution for large-scale agricultural pest detection because of its high
                                                       segmentation method based on GrabCut proposed by Lu et al., which is applied to field
                                    efficiency and accuracy, along with its light weight [172]. The interactive segmentation
                                                       RS, can quickly extract locust images from various segments [173]. Barbedo et al. proposed
                                    method based onanGrabCut
                                                          automatic  proposed
                                                                       detectionby      Lu et al.,
                                                                                    algorithm    forwhich
                                                                                                     wheat is scabapplied
                                                                                                                      based onto field    RS, can quickly
                                                                                                                                  hyperspectral      technology. The
                                    extract locust images     from   various     segments     [173].   Barbedo       et  al. proposed
                                                       algorithm displays a greater than 91% classification accuracy and shows               an automatic
                                                                                                                                                    excellent robust-
                                    detection algorithm     for wheat
                                                       ness under          scab based
                                                                    the impact              onofhyperspectral
                                                                                   of variety      complex factorstechnology.
                                                                                                                         such as shape,    The   algorithm
                                                                                                                                             direction,  and shadow
                                    displays a greater    than
                                                       [174].    91% classification
                                                              Mumtaz     et al. combinedaccuracy
                                                                                             optical RS,andimageshows       excellent
                                                                                                                     processing,     and robustness
                                                                                                                                           depth learning un-methods
                                    der the impact oftovariety     of complex
                                                          accurately   detect andfactors      such as
                                                                                      grade wheat     rustshape,
                                                                                                            [175]. Baodirection,     and shadow
                                                                                                                           et al. proposed      an RS [174].
                                                                                                                                                        UAV method
                                                       based on DDMA-YOLO,
                                    Mumtaz et al. combined         optical RS, image  which processing,
                                                                                              can not only reduce
                                                                                                                and depth the workload
                                                                                                                                 learningand      time consumption
                                                                                                                                               methods     to
                                    accurately detect of  pest
                                                        and     detection,
                                                             grade   wheatbut rustalso  eﬀectively
                                                                                     [175].  Bao etimprove       the detection
                                                                                                      al. proposed         an RS eﬃciency
                                                                                                                                    UAV method  [176].based
                                    on DDMA-YOLO, which     Manycan studies   have reduce
                                                                        not only     shown thatthe the  image fusion
                                                                                                    workload        and timemethod     can greatly enhance
                                                                                                                                  consumption         of pest the ac-
                                                       curacy of vegetation disease detection by fusing image information from diﬀerent sensors
                                    detection, but also effectively improve the detection efficiency [176].
                                                       or multi-stage processing [177–181]. For example, some scholars apply DL technology to
                                          Many studies have shown that the image fusion method can greatly enhance the
                                                       the fusion of RGB images and segmented images, developing a multi-head DenseNet ar-
                                    accuracy of vegetation     disease detection by fusing image information from different sensors
                                                       chitecture. After the strict verification of the public dataset and the application of 50%
                                    or multi-stage processing       [177–181]. For
                                                       discount cross-validation           example,the
                                                                                        technology,     somemethodscholars
                                                                                                                        showsapply        DL performance,
                                                                                                                                  excellent    technology and all
                                    to the fusion of RGB    images     and   segmented        images,     developing         a multi-head
                                                       the evaluation indicators have reached a very high level, e.g., the average               DenseNet
                                                                                                                                                     accuracy, recall,
                                                          accuracy, and F1 score reached 98.17%, 98.17%, 98.16%, and 98.12%, respectively [182].
                                                          Based on the multi-source fusion UAV images and visible light, Ma et al. successfully
Agronomy 2024, 14, 1975                                                                                         12 of 32



                          architecture. After the strict verification of the public dataset and the application of 50%
                          discount cross-validation technology, the method shows excellent performance, and all
                          the evaluation indicators have reached a very high level, e.g., the average accuracy, recall,
                          accuracy, and F1 score reached 98.17%, 98.17%, 98.16%, and 98.12%, respectively [182].
                          Based on the multi-source fusion UAV images and visible light, Ma et al. successfully
                          constructed a variety of ML models, which significantly improved the accuracy of cotton
                          Verticillium wilt detection [183].
                               It is worth mentioning that some researchers have adopted the improved DL algorithm
                          framework for plant disease detection, achieving remarkable results [184–187]. Dong et al.
                          creatively proposed an effective scale-aware network architecture (ESA-Net) based on
                          low-cost RS images [188]. After strict verification, ESA-Net showed excellent performance
                          in plant disease detection and achieved strong competitive results. Amarathunga et al.
                          proposed a new architecture based on a visual converter, which integrates the attention
                          mechanism driven by domain knowledge and effectively improves the accuracy of micro-
                          pest detection and recognition at the species level [189]. Ye et al. designed an end-to-end
                          automatic disease detection framework based on a multi-scale MA-UNet model and a
                          single-phase image based on UAV aerial photography data and Landsat-8 satellite RS
                          markers, which greatly improved the efficiency and accuracy of disease monitoring [190].

                          3.3. Management and Analysis of Soil and Land
                                As the cornerstone of human survival and development, land not only carries the key
                          mission of agricultural production, providing us with food to maintain our livelihood, but
                          is also an indispensable key prerequisite for ensuring human well-being [60,191]. There-
                          fore, the management and analysis of soil and land resources is particularly urgent and
                          important. In the field of soil monitoring and management, traditionally, we rely on field
                          survey methods to obtain the spatial distribution data for soil groups [191]. However, these
                          methods have many shortcomings, such as a long monitoring period, high cost, complex op-
                          eration procedures, many subjective judgment factors, and relatively limited accuracy [192].
                          Therefore, using traditional methods for soil monitoring is not only time-consuming and
                          labor-intensive, but also may be inadequate for meeting the needs of modern soil man-
                          agement regarding accuracy and efficiency [16]. With its more accurate, richer, and more
                          professional characteristics, RS has brought revolutionary changes to soil monitoring and
                          management activities. It provides multi-temporal images, enabling us to fully capture
                          dynamic changes in land and soil characteristics [193–195]. In addition, RS offers a wide
                          range of data sources with large amounts of information and high accuracy, providing
                          unprecedented possibilities for the accurate assessment of soil conditions [196]. The use
                          of advanced ML technology can achieve efficient and accurate processing and analysis
                          of RS data, realizing the automation of data processing and feature extraction. It is very
                          important to improve the efficiency and accuracy of soil and land management [197–199].
                                A survey found that the application of various types of RS data provides convenience
                          and opportunities for soil management [200]. At the same time, among the different
                          RS soil applications, multi-spectral RS is the most widely used [201]. Duan et al. used
                          the mean value of reflectivity and entropy texture parameters extracted from Landsat-8
                          images, combined with MLC, SVM, ANN, and RF ML, to identify soil groups in depth,
                          achieving good results. In 2024, Zhou et al. proposed a general ML method based on
                          spatiotemporal constraints using Sentinel-1 and Sentinel-2 data [202]. Through verification,
                          its accuracy and practicability have been fully affirmed [203]. In 2023, Musasa et al. con-
                          ducted a detailed review of soil problems in arid environments, clearly pointing out that
                          the Landsat-8 satellite mission plays an indispensable role in promoting soil assessment
                          and monitoring [204]. In addition, in view of the significant challenges such as insufficient
                          information acquisition and limited measurement accuracy in early soil moisture monitor-
                          ing technology [205], the introduction of ML technology is a revolutionary change, which
                          significantly compensates for these deficiencies [206,207]. In addition, high-resolution data
                          show significant applicability in soil applications, especially in soil resource estimation
Agronomy 2024, 14, 1975                                                                                                                                 13 of 32



                           and mapping [208–211]. Moreover, UAVs show great potential for use in soil analysis and
                           evaluation, and many studies have fully proved its effectiveness in practical applications.
                           For example, Bertalan et al., through the mapping of soil moisture based on UAV images,
                           revealed the spatial heterogeneity of soil moisture and provided strong support for PA [212].
                           Menzies Pluer et al. used UAV to create the spatial distribution model of farmland soil
                           characteristics and nutrient concentration, which provided a novel and low-cost method
                           for soil management [213]. In addition, scholars also pointed out that the combination
                           of UAV data fusion and ML is very important for the accurate field estimation of soil
                           texture
                          Agronomy    [214–216].
                                   2024, 14, x FOR PEERAt the same time, in many studies on the integrated application 14ofofRS
                                                       REVIEW                                                                                                   34

                           and ML in soil management, we found that the discussion of soil organic carbon and
                           salinity is also an eye-catching research direction [217–221].
                                                          UAV images, revealed the spatial heterogeneity of soil moisture and provided strong sup-
                                  As one of the keyport      factors     in global ecological change, land use or land cover (LULC)
                                                                 for PA [212]. Menzies Pluer et al. used UAV to create the spatial distribution model
                           has a far-reaching impact      of farmland the
                                                                     on         balance ofand
                                                                          soil characteristics    thenutrient
                                                                                                        ecosystem         and the
                                                                                                               concentration,    whichsustainable
                                                                                                                                        provided a novel devel-
                                                                                                                                                             and
                           opment of human society [222]. It represents the different ways in which human the
                                                          low-cost    method   for  soil management    [213]. In addition,   scholars also pointed  out  that be-
                                                          combination of UAV data fusion and ML is very important for the accurate field estima-
                           ings maximize the use               of land resources and manage related resources, and it is very
                                                          tion of soil texture [214–216]. At the same time, in many studies on the integrated applica-
                           important for land management  tion of RS and MLand         analysis
                                                                                 in soil           [223].
                                                                                         management,          Therefore,
                                                                                                        we found                in the research
                                                                                                                    that the discussion                field
                                                                                                                                         of soil organic       of
                                                                                                                                                          carbon
                           land management and            and analysis,     we an
                                                                salinity is also  pay     special research
                                                                                     eye-catching   attention      to the
                                                                                                              direction      temporal and spatial dis-
                                                                                                                          [217–221].
                           tribution of LULC and its            As applications.
                                                                     one of the key factorsIt in global
                                                                                               goes      ecologicalsaying
                                                                                                       without       change, land
                                                                                                                                thatusethe
                                                                                                                                         or land  cover (LULC)
                                                                                                                                             application       of
                                                          has a far-reaching impact on the balance of the ecosystem and the sustainable develop-
                           ML to RS data is of great                significance        for  efficient    and    accurate       land   management
                                                          ment of human society [222]. It represents the diﬀerent ways in which human beings max-           and
                           analysis [224]. On theimize      onethe hand,
                                                                       use oftraditional
                                                                              land resourcesland      management
                                                                                                and manage                  and analysis
                                                                                                              related resources,                methods
                                                                                                                                   and it is very importantarefor
                           often time-consuming           landandmanagement
                                                                      costly, andand analysis   [223]. Therefore,
                                                                                         it is difficult           in the research
                                                                                                            to provide              field of land
                                                                                                                               up-to-date          management
                                                                                                                                                information
                                                          and analysis, we pay special attention to the temporal and spatial distribution of LULC
                           on various land use/land                 cover changes [225]. On the other hand, with its strong data
                                                          and its applications. It goes without saying that the application of ML to RS data is of great
                           acquisition and processing                ability,
                                                          significance          RS can
                                                                          for eﬃcient    andextract
                                                                                              accurate high-resolution
                                                                                                        land management and      multispectral
                                                                                                                                   analysis [224]. Oninforma-
                                                                                                                                                         the one
                           tion covering large areas      hand, traditional
                                                                   that are land      management
                                                                                difficult            and analysis
                                                                                              to access     in real  methods
                                                                                                                        time,are   often time-consuming
                                                                                                                                 making       land manage-   and
                                                          costly, and it is diﬃcult to provide up-to-date information on various land use/land cover
                           ment and classification              more cost-effective and time-saving [226,227]. Figure 7 shows
                                                          changes [225]. On the other hand, with its strong data acquisition and processing ability,
                           the whole process of determining                    farming patterns
                                                          RS can extract high-resolution                  using
                                                                                               multispectral       Landsat-8
                                                                                                              information          andlarge
                                                                                                                              covering    MODIS       RSaredata,
                                                                                                                                              areas that      dif-
                           greatly improving the              efficiency
                                                          ficult  to access inofrealagricultural
                                                                                      time, making landpractices
                                                                                                           management  [228].     In recentmore
                                                                                                                           and classification    years,    with
                                                                                                                                                      cost-eﬀec-
                                                          tive and time-saving [226,227]. Figure 7 shows the whole process of determining farming
                           the continuous development                   of ML technology, it is becoming more and more popular
                                                          patterns using Landsat-8 and MODIS RS data, greatly improving the eﬃciency of agricul-
                           for use in the mapping,                analysis,
                                                          tural practices        and
                                                                            [228].       spatiotemporal
                                                                                    In recent                    land analysis
                                                                                              years, with the continuous               of LULC
                                                                                                                              development             changes
                                                                                                                                             of ML technology,
                           using RS data [229,230].                Examples
                                                          it is becoming    more of andland     management
                                                                                          more popular   for use in and      analysis
                                                                                                                      the mapping,        based
                                                                                                                                      analysis, andon     differ-
                                                                                                                                                     spatiotem-
                           ent ML methods include:        poral land    analysis of LULC changes
                                                                   RF [100,101,231],                   using RS data [229,230].
                                                                                             SVM [102,103,232],                    Examples of land
                                                                                                                            DT [90,91,233],            manage-
                                                                                                                                                   maximum
                                                          ment and analysis based on diﬀerent ML methods include: RF [100,101,231], SVM
                           likelihood classification           [234,235], ANN [97,99,236], CNN [237,238], and hybrid multiple
                                                          [102,103,232], DT [90,91,233], maximum likelihood classification [234,235], ANN
                           model [239,240].               [97,99,236], CNN [237,238], and hybrid multiple model [239,240].




                                                   Figure 7. A general process for determining tillage patterns and cultivated/non-cultivated land areas
                           Figure 7. A general process for determining tillage patterns and cultivated/non-cultivated land areas
                                                   based on multi-source remote sensing data
                           based on multi-source remote sensing data.
Agronomy 2024, 14, 1975                                                                                           14 of 32



                          3.4. Prediction and Decision Making Regarding Crop Yield
                                Determining crop yield plays an indispensable role in crop field management, and
                          crop yield prediction is one of the important cornerstones to ensure food security [241,242].
                          Traditional crop yield prediction methods usually involve destructive sampling, which
                          not only wastes a lot of human and material resources in practical application, but also is
                          inefficient and cannot meet the needs of the development of modern PA [243]. In order
                          to overcome this bottleneck, we conducted an in-depth and systematic review of the
                          literature, which covered many aspects, such as RS data sources, biological and abiotic
                          factors, physical and chemical parameters, modeling methods, etc. The aim is to provide
                          a more accurate and efficient crop yield prediction scheme, as well as to provide strong
                          support for the sustainable development of yield prediction and decision making.
                                We have learned that there are differences in the applicability and accuracy of the op-
                          erational assessment of crop status and yield based on different ML algorithms and RS data
                          from different sources. Multi-spectral and medium-resolution RS represented by MODIS
                          data are widely used in early crop yield prediction, revealing potential uses [244,245]. Hy-
                          perspectral data, especially data from Landsat-8 satellites and hyperspectral imagers, offer
                          unique advantages in regards to prediction. Related studies have shown that they exhibit
                          great potential in regards to yield prediction for crops such as citrus, wheat, corn, sugar-
                          cane, etc. [246–250]. In addition, airborne LiDAR and high spatial and temporal resolution
                          images are more suitable for crop yield prediction in fine abundance models [251–254]. A
                          number of studies have shown that UAV data provide accurate and efficient support for PA
                          prediction, especially in crop yield estimation accuracy and phenotypic analysis [255–261].
                          As shown in Figure 8, Liu et al. predicted corn LAI based on UAV multispectral images
                          combined with ML technology, which provided support for improving the accuracy of
                          yield prediction and further revealed the great potential of UAV in yield prediction [262].
                                In addition, as an integral part of PA practice, yield forecasting usually does not exist
                          in isolation, but it is the result of the interweaving and interaction of climate, soil, water,
                          diseases and insect pests, management, and other factors. For example, in an in-depth
                          study, Anwar et al. revealed that Australian wheat yields are extremely sensitive to climatic
                          factors [263]. Bai et al. made it clear that assessing the impact of extreme weather on
                          crop production is a key prerequisite for exploring agronomic measures to address climate
                          change, and that fluctuations in climate variables closely related to crop production can
                          have a profound impact on regional and global food production [264]. The importance of
                          soil as a key factor affecting crop yield cannot be ignored. By combining RS data with ML,
                          we can evaluate soil properties more accurately and, taking into account cost-effectiveness
                          and time benefits, we can achieve the accurate prediction of crop yield [265,266]. Fry et al.
                          discussed the spatial variability between field soil properties and soybean yield and found
                          that there was a significant correlation between different soil properties and changes in
                          soybean yield, mainly affected by soil texture and organic carbon content in the topsoil (the
                          first 20 cm) rather than by surface topography [267]. In exploring the actual effect of water
                          on yield, Zain et al. failed to consider the adaptability of the model, which led to adverse
                          results [268]. In another study, Wang et al. developed an accurate polynomial function
                          model, which can effectively adapt to the characteristics of irrigation and application in
                          different areas, provides a scientific guidance strategy for water and fertilizer management,
                          and realizes the accurate prediction of crop yield combined with advanced ML [269]. In
                          addition, the impact of diseases and insect pests and management on yield estimates is also
                          of concern [270–272].
Agronomy 2024, 14, 1975
    Agronomy 2024, 14, x FOR PEER REVIEW                                                                                               16 of1534of 32




                                    Figure 8. Prediction framework of maize LAI based on UAV images and machine learning.
                                 Figure 8. Prediction framework of maize LAI based on UAV images and machine learning.
                                          In addition, as an integral part of PA practice, yield forecasting usually does not exist
                                        In recent years, the combination of RS technology and ML for crop yield estimation
                                    in isolation, but it is the result of the interweaving and interaction of climate, soil, water,
                                 and decision making has become a research direction with great potential and prospect. The
                                    diseases and insect pests, management, and other factors. For example, in an in-depth
                                 integration
                                    study, Anwar of this method
                                                      et al.  revealedintothat
                                                                            theAustralian
                                                                                agricultural    fieldyields
                                                                                             wheat     not only    improves sensitive
                                                                                                               are extremely    the accuracy
                                                                                                                                           to cli-and
                                 efficiency
                                    matic factors [263]. Bai et al. made it clear that assessing the impact of extreme weatherprecise
                                              of crop  yield    estimation    but  also provides     strong   technical   support   for  the   on
                                 management
                                    crop productionof agricultural      productionfor
                                                         is a key prerequisite        [259]. In this agronomic
                                                                                         exploring     process, themeasures
                                                                                                                      selectiontoofaddress
                                                                                                                                     crop physical
                                                                                                                                              cli-
                                 and   chemical
                                    mate   change,parameters        is particularly
                                                     and that fluctuations             important,
                                                                                in climate   variablesas closely
                                                                                                         it is directly
                                                                                                                  relatedrelated
                                                                                                                           to croptoproduction
                                                                                                                                      the accuracy
                                 andcanreliability  of the yield
                                         have a profound      impact prediction
                                                                        on regionalmodel.   Commonly
                                                                                      and global            used physiochemical
                                                                                                   food production                      parameters
                                                                                                                        [264]. The importance
                                 include
                                    of soil vegetation     coverage
                                             as a key factor    aﬀecting (FVC)
                                                                            crop [273],  photosynthetically
                                                                                  yield cannot   be ignored. Byactive      radiation
                                                                                                                     combining          absorption
                                                                                                                                  RS data   with
                                 (FPAR)
                                    ML, we  [274–276],   evapotranspiration
                                              can evaluate     soil properties more  (ET)accurately
                                                                                           [277–279],and,leaftaking
                                                                                                                area index    (LAI) [245,280,281],
                                                                                                                      into account   cost-eﬀec-
                                 chlorophyll
                                    tiveness and  content    [282–284],
                                                    time benefits,         andachieve
                                                                       we can    variousthevegetation      indices (VIs),
                                                                                              accurate prediction            such
                                                                                                                       of crop     as [265,266].
                                                                                                                                yield  the normal-
                                 ized
                                    Frydifference     vegetation
                                         et al. discussed              index
                                                             the spatial       (NDVI)between
                                                                           variability   [285–287]     and
                                                                                                   field  soilthe  enhanced
                                                                                                                properties  andvegetation
                                                                                                                                 soybean yieldindex
                                 (EVI) [288]. These physical and chemical parameters and indexes are not only widely used
                                 in actual agricultural production, but are also closely related to yield estimation.
Agronomy 2024, 14, 1975                                                                                            16 of 32



                               In addition, the crop yield prediction model is also constantly adapting to a variety
                          of new situational changes. For example, although the early traditional ground survey
                          methods and sampling statistics methods based on empirical knowledge have been sig-
                          nificantly researched and practiced, they cannot meet the needs for improved production
                          prediction accuracy and reduced costs [289]. With the application of crop growth and data
                          assimilation models, the yield prediction accuracy will be significantly improved [290]. For
                          example, Zhang et al. and Kheir et al. have made yield predictions based on the APSIM
                          crop model, achieving remarkable results [291,292]. In addition, the WOFOST model also
                          performs well in regards to crop yield prediction, and a number of studies have revealed
                          its potential use in forecasting [293,294]. The SAFY model provides a new perspective
                          and method for the estimation of crop yield in a large area [295]. However, crop models
                          are not perfect. They may be limited in large-scale applications, they easily accumulate
                          errors, and problems such as over-fitting are possible [296]. Similarly, ML models may
                          encounter fitting problems in the training process, especially in the case of small datasets
                          or improper feature selection. Fortunately, ML and data assimilation methods provide new
                          solutions to the problems inherent in crop models and ML [297]. By combining RS data
                          and crop models, and with the help of ML optimization, we can not only make up for the
                          shortcomings of the model in some aspects but also significantly improve the prediction
                          accuracy and enhance the applicability. This innovative method is gradually becoming
                          widely considered and favored by researchers [298–300].

                          4. Discussion
                          4.1. Current Challenges
                          4.1.1. Acquisition and Processing of Multi-Source RS Data
                                Although there are free and open source media and low resolution data resources,
                          such as MODIS, which provide the basis for scientific research and application, the scarcity
                          of high-quality and high-resolution RS data is still a significant problem. This scarcity
                          mainly stems from the multiple complexities in the process of data acquisition, including
                          the unpredictability of meteorological conditions, the limitations of equipment perfor-
                          mance, and the impact of complex terrain on the signal. These factors work together to
                          impact data quality and increase the difficulty and cost of data acquisition. The accessibility,
                          real-time, integrity, and privacy protection of RS data are also important factors restricting
                          the sustainable development of agricultural RS [301,302]. In addition, for the processing of
                          RS data, their highly specialized and technology-intensive characteristics cannot be ignored.
                          In data preprocessing, multi-source data fusion, and subsequent data interpretation and
                          application, each link requires fine technical operations and profound professional knowl-
                          edge. Improper handling will not only reduce the accuracy and reliability of data but also
                          lead to unnecessary waste of resources and loss of efficiency [303,304]. For example, Zhao
                          et al. proposed a framework for the robust classification of multi-view RS images under
                          the condition of missing data, effectively reducing the practical costs. This research not
                          only improves the classification accuracy but also reduces the uncertainty and deviation in
                          the process of data processing, helping to achieve more efficient agricultural management
                          decision making [305].
                                It is worth noting that the construction of an RS database system, as one of the effective
                          strategies to alleviate the above problems, has become increasingly important. For example,
                          studies have shown that the development of a strong and publicly accessible RS water
                          quality database system can effectively improve the efficiency of water resource manage-
                          ment and monitoring [306]. In addition, it can not only provide rich and standardized
                          data resources to meet the needs of ML models for large amounts of data, but it can also
                          promote rapid data retrieval and scientific research sharing, injecting new vitality into agri-
                          cultural RS research and application. At the same time, with the continuous improvement
                          of the database system, the long-standing problems in the field of agricultural RS, such
                          as insufficient data standardization, the limited scale of datasets, different data quality,
                          etc., are expected to be solved gradually [307]. The research shows that the application of
Agronomy 2024, 14, 1975                                                                                            17 of 32



                          multi-source RS fusion technology and high-resolution sensors may bring revolutionary
                          changes to the field of agricultural RS. The progress of these technologies will greatly enrich
                          the data dimensions, improve the monitoring accuracy, and provide strong data support
                          for the practice of PA based on ML [308]. For example, by combining multi-source RS
                          technology, Joshi et al. have achieved rapid and large-scale early warnings and accurate
                          control of wheat diseases and insect pests [309]. Based on hyperspectral reflectance and
                          satellite multispectral images, Wu et al. significantly improved the accuracy of wheat grain
                          water content estimation and successfully reduced the risk of grain loss and additional
                          drying costs [310].

                          4.1.2. Interpretability and Generalization of the Model
                               Generally speaking, the ML model is easier to explain than is the DL model, due to the
                          complexity of the model structure. Although some newer models may improve accuracy,
                          understanding and accepting these models will also be challenging for agricultural practi-
                          tioners. For example, although the DL model performs well for many tasks, because of its
                          black box nature, it may be difficult for agricultural workers to understand the decision
                          logic behind it [311]. Therefore, in the application of PA, a DT or rule-based model is
                          often easier for agricultural practitioners to understand and accept because of its relatively
                          simple structure. For example, Marin et al. used multiple decision tree models to quickly
                          understand the types of vegetation diseases using spatially continuous monitoring, thus
                          improving the efficiency of decision making [312]. In addition, the interpretable model can
                          not only promote the transparency of agricultural decision-making but also accelerate the
                          knowledge transfer from technical experts to front-line producers, which is very important
                          for improving the science and efficiency of agricultural practice. For example, in a study of
                          precision irrigation, the use of a rule-based ML model greatly promoted water resource
                          management and agricultural policy decision making. Typically, providing information
                          about the features, variables, and algorithms that affect the results of the model is an
                          effective way to enhance the interpretability of the model [313]. For example, Hao et al.
                          realized the high-precision prediction of wheat yield by analyzing the key variables of the
                          APSIM-Wheat model through Sobol sensitivity analysis [314]. Under the influence of many
                          factors, such as crop growth environment, varieties, soil state, and climatic conditions, the
                          model shows insufficient ability to extract fine features in the face of new data. It is often
                          necessary to optimize the generalization ability of the model through data enhancement,
                          model integration, and the introduction of regularization technology in order to effectively
                          prevent overfitting and maintain stable performance in the face of new data. For exam-
                          ple, Fawakherji et al. used a data enhancement strategy for improved segmentation to
                          significantly improve the accuracy of the model for crop and weed segmentation [315].
                          In addition, regularization technology can help reduce the complexity of the model, thus
                          improving the generalization ability of the model. For example, by applying L2 regular-
                          ization in the process of model training, the dependence of the model on training data
                          can be effectively reduced, and its performance in the face of new data can become more
                          stable [316].

                          4.2. Prospects for the Future
                          4.2.1. Trend of Intelligence and Automation
                               With the application of intelligent and automation technology in PA, many problems
                          existing in traditional agricultural models, such as insufficient datasets, inaccurate analysis,
                          and untimely decision making, have been solved. This is due to the use of high-precision
                          multi-source RS data, further enhancement of data preprocessing to improve data quality,
                          expansion of data sample diversity, and integration of expert knowledge, all of which
                          improve the accuracy of intelligent decision making. For example, based on expert dialogue
                          and multi-standard decision-making technology, Goodridge et al. proposed an expert
                          system that can intelligently diagnose plant diseases, significantly improving the accuracy
                          of plant disease detection [317]. In addition, the development of intelligent agricultural
Agronomy 2024, 14, 1975                                                                                          18 of 32



                          equipment and the promotion of farmers’ training have lowered the technical threshold
                          and promoted the wide application of new technologies. One study points out that by
                          developing easy-to-operate smart agricultural equipment, farmers can more easily master
                          new technologies, save water, and reduce labor demand by promoting the cultivation of
                          different crop types, improving the profitability of each farm [318].
                               The intelligent fusion of multi-source RS data effectively solves many problems inher-
                          ent in agricultural data, such as ensuring the consistency of data formatting, optimizing
                          processing speed, improving the stability of the algorithm, and enhancing the generaliza-
                          tion ability and interpretability of the model. As a result, the uncertainty in the whole
                          process of agricultural production is reduced. For example, Zhou et al. enhanced the
                          generalization ability through the deep migration learning classification model constructed
                          by integrating ground sensor data and UAV data, realizing the intelligent RS recognition
                          of corn straw type [319]. In the future, RS technology and ML are expected to achieve
                          cross-border integration with advanced technologies such as the Internet of things (IoT),
                          human–computer interaction visualization, data assimilation, and blockchains. This will
                          further promote comprehensive monitoring, yield forecasting, and disease surveillance in
                          PA and provide more accurate, efficient, and sustainable solutions for agricultural produc-
                          tion. For example, intelligent systems that use the Internet of things to track and schedule
                          accurate irrigation have been studied to help farmers effectively plan irrigation and make
                          informed decisions [320].

                          4.2.2. Data Sharing and Multidisciplinary Interaction
                                In the context of global connectivity, international cooperation and data sharing
                          mechanisms are constantly strengthening, and the application of PA should go beyond
                          geographical restrictions. Different countries and regions should work together to share
                          more accurate RS data and smarter ML algorithms to address global agricultural issues
                          such as climate change, food safety, and other challenges [321]. In addition, ML algorithms
                          are closely combined with RS technology, and automatic machinery and intelligent robots
                          are used to realize the intelligence and refinement of field management. At the same time,
                          experts in many fields such as agricultural economy, ecology, and physics are integrated
                          to form a comprehensive agricultural management system. For example, a cloud-based
                          intelligent irrigation system was introduced in one study to optimize irrigation water use
                          through comprehensive big data collection, storage, and analysis, significantly promoting
                          informed decisions regarding water resource management [322]. In addition, strength-
                          ening the cooperative research of RS and ML can not only effectively reduce the use of
                          chemical fertilizers and pesticides, accelerate the transformation of agricultural scientific
                          and technological achievements, protect the ecological environment, and promote the
                          green transformation of agriculture, but it also is very important to promote the research
                          results of PA to significantly benefit farmers and realize the transformation from theoretical
                          knowledge to scientific and technological practice. For example, different countries and
                          regions should use their market channels and technical support capabilities to popularize
                          new technologies by establishing partnerships with agricultural research institutions and
                          by working with agribusinesses to encourage farmers to adopt new technologies through
                          policy guidance and support and to participate in the application of new technologies
                          through peasant groups [323]. In addition, combining this science and technology with the
                          United Nations Sustainable Development goals (SDGs) can not only broaden the scope
                          of science but also promote the development of practice from a broader perspective, i.e.,
                          by improving agricultural production efficiency and implementing the sustainable de-
                          velopment agenda to contribute to the “zero hunger” goal [324]. Although it still faces
                          technical, economic, and social challenges, with the continuous updating of the application
                          of RS technology and ML in agriculture, its potential to promote the modernization and
                          sustainable development of the agricultural industry will be further tapped.
Agronomy 2024, 14, 1975                                                                                                          19 of 32



                                 5. Conclusions
                                      The comprehensive application of RS and ML algorithms can not only promote the
                                 development and progress of PA but also provide a possible solution to the challenges
                                 of global population growth, resource shortage, and climate change. In some fusion
                                 applications of PA, there are significant differences in different types of RS data, among
                                 which hyperspectral RS data is the most widely used type, accounting for more than 30%,
                                 while the application of UAV technology has the most potential, accounting for about
                                 24%, of the data used. It is expected to play a more important role in PA in the future.
                                 In addition, the most widely used ML algorithm is SVM, accounting for more than 20%,
                                 followed by the RF algorithm, accounting for about 18%, of the algorithms used. It is
                                 worth noting that in the future, the rapid development of the DL integrated platform, the
                                 multimodal fusion algorithm, cloud computing, and edge computing is expected to further
                                 promote the progress of PA. The monitoring and identification of crop growth status, pest
                                 detection, land or soil management, and crop yield prediction are still the main aspects of
                                 the comprehensive application of RS technology and ML. However, in regards to obtaining
                                 and processing high-quality RS data and improving the interpretability and generalizability
                                 of the model, considering the uncertainty of integration development, we need to continue
                                 to explore new algorithms and technologies to promote interdisciplinary cooperation
                                 and the integration of multi-domain knowledge, further promoting the intelligence and
                                 automation of PA and the development of more intelligent agricultural robots, automation
                                 equipment, and expert systems to promote the sustainable development of PA.

                                 Author Contributions: Conceptualization, Z.Q. and Y.W.; methodology, Y.W.; software, Y.W.; vali-
                                 dation, J.W., Y.W. and G.L.; formal analysis, Z.Q.; investigation, Z.Q.; resources, Y.W.; data curation,
                                 J.W.; writing—original draft preparation, J.W.; writing—review and editing, J.W.; visualization, Y.W.;
                                 supervision, Y.W.; project administration, J.W.; funding acquisition, J.W. All authors have read and
                                 agreed to the published version of the manuscript.
                                 Funding: The central government guides the special project of local science and technology develop-
                                 ment in 2024 (24ZYQA023), Gansu Provincial Top Talent Project (GSBJLJ-2023-09), Gansu Agricultural
                                 University Young Graduate instructor support Fund (GAU-QDFC-2022-18) and Gansu Education
                                 Department Industrial support Plan Project (2022CYZC-41).
                                 Data Availability Statement: Not applicable.
                                 Conflicts of Interest: The authors declare no conflicts of interest.

References
1.   Tran, T.-N.-D.; Lakshmi, V. Enhancing human resilience against climate change: Assessment of hydroclimatic extremes and sea
     level rise impacts on the Eastern Shore of Virginia, United States. Sci. Total Environ. 2024, 947, 174289. [CrossRef] [PubMed]
2.   Tran, T.-N.-D.; Nguyen, B.Q.; Grodzka-Lukaszewska, M.; Sinicyn, G.; Lakshmi, V. The role of reservoirs under the impacts of
     climate change on the Srepok River basin, Central Highlands of Vietnam. Front. Environ. 2023, 11, 1304845. [CrossRef]
3.   Tran, T.-N.-D.; Tapas, M.R.; Do, S.K.; Etheridge, R.; Lakshmi, V. Investigating the impacts of climate change on hydroclimatic
     extremes in the Tar-Pamlico River basin, North Carolina. J. Environ. Manag. 2024, 363, 121375. [CrossRef]
4.   Tran, T.N.D.; Do, S.K.; Nguyen, B.Q.; Tran, V.N.; Grodzka-Łukaszewska, M.; Sinicyn, G.; Lakshmi, V. Investigating the Future
     Flood and Drought Shifts in the Transboundary Srepok River Basin Using CMIP6 Projections. IEEE J. Sel. Top. Appl. Earth Obs.
     Remote Sens. 2024, 17, 7516–7529. [CrossRef]
5.   Matton, N.; Canto, G.S.; Waldner, F.; Valero, S.; Morin, D.; Inglada, J.; Arias, M.; Bontemps, S.; Koetz, B.; Defourny, P. An
     Automated Method for Annual Cropland Mapping along the Season for Various Globally-Distributed Agrosystems Using High
     Spatial and Temporal Resolution Time Series. Remote Sens. 2015, 7, 13208–13232. [CrossRef]
6.   Alavi, M.; Albaji, M.; Golabi, M.; Ali Naseri, A.; Homayouni, S. Estimation of sugarcane evapotranspiration from remote sensing
     and limited meteorological variables using machine learning models. J. Hydrol. 2024, 629, 130605. [CrossRef]
7.   Sadiq, M.A.; Sarkar, S.K.; Raisa, S.S. Meteorological drought assessment in northern Bangladesh: A machine learning-based
     approach considering remote sensing indices. Ecol. Indic. 2023, 157, 111233. [CrossRef]
8.   Bellvert, J.; Mata, M.; Vallverdú, X.; Paris, C.; Marsal, J. Optimizing precision irrigation of a vineyard to improve water use
     efficiency and profitability by using a decision-oriented vine water consumption model. Precis. Agric. 2021, 22, 319–341. [CrossRef]
Agronomy 2024, 14, 1975                                                                                                              20 of 32



9.    Yomo, M.; Yalo, E.N.; Gnazou, M.D.-T.; Silliman, S.; Larbi, I.; Mourad, K.A. Forecasting land use and land cover dynamics using
      combined remote sensing, machine learning algorithm and local perception in the Agoènyivé Plateau, Togo. Remote Sens. Appl.
      Soc. Environ. 2023, 30, 100928. [CrossRef]
10.   Kumar, M.; Bhattacharya, B.K.; Pandya, M.R.; Handique, B.K. Machine learning based plot level rice lodging assessment using
      multi-spectral UAV remote sensing. Comput. Electron. Agric. 2024, 219, 108754. [CrossRef]
11.   Kganyago, M.; Adjorlolo, C.; Mhangara, P.; Tsoeleng, L. Optical remote sensing of crop biophysical and biochemical parameters:
      An overview of advances in sensor technologies and machine learning algorithms for precision agriculture. Comput. Electron.
      Agric. 2024, 218, 108730. [CrossRef]
12.   Petrović, B.; Bumbálek, R.; Zoubek, T.; Kuneš, R.; Smutný, L.; Bartoš, P. Application of precision agriculture technologies in
      Central Europe-review. J. Agric. Food Res. 2024, 15, 101048. [CrossRef]
13.   Mana, A.A.; Allouhi, A.; Hamrani, A.; Rehman, S.; el Jamaoui, I.; Jayachandran, K. Sustainable AI-based production agriculture:
      Exploring AI applications and implications in agricultural practices. Smart Agric. Technol. 2024, 7, 100416. [CrossRef]
14.   Brewster, C.; Roussaki, I.; Kalatzis, N.; Doolin, K.; Ellis, K. IoT in Agriculture: Designing a Europe-Wide Large-Scale Pilot. IEEE
      Commun. Mag. 2017, 55, 26–33. [CrossRef]
15.   Shuai, L.; Li, Z.; Chen, Z.; Luo, D.; Mu, J. A research review on deep learning combined with hyperspectral Imaging in multiscale
      agricultural sensing. Comput. Electron. Agric. 2024, 217, 108577. [CrossRef]
16.   Diaz-Gonzalez, F.A.; Vuelvas, J.; Correa, C.A.; Vallejo, V.E.; Patino, D. Machine learning and remote sensing techniques applied to
      estimate soil indicators. Review Ecol. Indic. 2022, 135, 108517. [CrossRef]
17.   El-Omairi, M.A.; El Garouani, A. A review on advancements in lithological mapping utilizing machine learning algorithms and
      remote sensing data. Heliyon 2023, 9, e20168. [CrossRef]
18.   Kasampalis, D.A.; Alexandridis, T.K.; Deva, C.; Challinor, A.; Moshou, D.; Zalidis, G. Contribution of Remote Sensing on Crop
      Models: A Review. J. Imaging 2018, 4, 52. [CrossRef]
19.   Tran, T.-N.-D.; Nguyen, B.Q.; Zhang, R.; Aryal, A.; Grodzka-Lukaszewska, M.; Sinicyn, G.; Lakshmi, V. Quantification of Gridded
      Precipitation Products for the Streamflow Simulation on the Mekong River Basin Using Rainfall Assessment Framework: A Case
      Study for the Srepok River Subbasin, Central Highland Vietnam. Remote Sens. 2023, 15, 1030. [CrossRef]
20.   Tran, T.-N.-D.; Le, M.-H.; Zhang, R.; Nguyen, B.Q.; Bolten, J.D.; Lakshmi, V. Robustness of gridded precipitation products for
      vietnam basins using the comprehensive assessment framework of rainfall. Atmos. Res. 2023, 293, 106923. [CrossRef]
21.   Tran, T.-N.-D.; Nguyen, Q.B.; Vo, N.D.; Marshall, R.; Gourbesville, P. Assessment of Terrain Scenario Impacts on Hydrological
      Simulation with SWAT Model. Application to Lai Giang Catchment, Vietnam. In Advances in Hydroinformatics; Springer: Singapore,
      2022; pp. 1205–1222.
22.   Aryal, A.; Tran, T.-N.-D.; Kumar, B.; Lakshmi, V. Evaluation of Satellite-Derived Precipitation Products for Streamflow Simulation
      of a Mountainous Himalayan Watershed: A Study of Myagdi Khola in Kali Gandaki Basin, Nepal. Remote Sens. 2023, 15, 4762.
      [CrossRef]
23.   Mani, P.K.; Mandal, A.; Biswas, S.; Sarkar, B.; Mitran, T.; Meena, R.S. Remote Sensing and Geographic Information System: In A
      Tool for Precision Farming; Mitran, T., Meena, R.S., Chakraborty, A., Eds.; Geospatial Technologies for Crops and Soils; Springer:
      Singapore, 2021; pp. 49–111.
24.   Carneiro, F.M.; Filho, A.L.d.B.; Ferreira, F.M.; Junior, G.d.F.S.; Brandão, Z.N.; da Silva, R.P.; Shiratsuchi, L.S. Soil and satellite
      remote sensing variables importance using machine learning to predict cotton yield. Smart Agric. Technol. 2023, 5, 100292.
      [CrossRef]
25.   Morlin Carneiro, F.; Angeli Furlani, C.E.; Zerbato, C.; Candida de Menezes, P.; da Silva Gírio, L.A.; Freire de Oliveira, M.
      Comparison between vegetation indices for detecting spatial and temporal variabilities in soybean crop using canopy sensors.
      Precis. Agric. 2020, 21, 979–1007. [CrossRef]
26.   Ai, B.; Wen, Z.; Jiang, Y.C.; Gao, S.; Lv, G.N. Sea surface temperature inversion model for infrared remote sensing images based
      on deep neural network. Infrared Phys. Technol. 2019, 99, 231–239. [CrossRef]
27.   Zhang, W.H.; Sun, L.; Lian, L.S.; Yang, Y.K. MODIS Aerosol Optical Depth Inversion Over Urban Areas Supported by
      BRDF/Albedo Products. J. Indian Soc. Remote Sens. 2020, 48, 1345–1354. [CrossRef]
28.   Aires, F.; Pellet, V. Estimating Retrieval Errors from Neural Network Inversion Schemes—Application to the Retrieval of
      Temperature Profiles From IASI. IEEE Trans. Geosci. Remote Sens. 2021, 59, 6386–6396. [CrossRef]
29.   Liu, B.; Liu, L.; Tian, L.; Cao, W.; Zhu, Y.; Asseng, S. Post-heading heat stress and yield impact in winter wheat of China. Glob.
      Change Biol. 2014, 20, 372–381. [CrossRef] [PubMed]
30.   Akter, N.; Rafiqul Islam, M. Heat stress effects and management in wheat. A review. Agron. Sustain. Dev. 2017, 37, 37. [CrossRef]
31.   Wójtowicz, M.; Wójtowicz, A.; Piekarczyk, J. Application of remote sensing methods in agriculture. Commun. Biometry Crop Sci.
      2016, 11, 31–50.
32.   Skendžić, S.; Zovko, M.; Lešić, V.; Pajač Živković, I.; Lemić, D. Detection and Evaluation of Environmental Stress in Winter Wheat
      Using Remote and Proximal Sensing Methods and Vegetation Indices—A review. Diversity 2023, 15, 481. [CrossRef]
33.   Kumar, A.S.; Reddy, A.M.; Srinivas, L.; Reddy, P.M. Assessment of Surface Water Quality in Hyderabad Lakes by Using
      Multivariate Statistical Techniques, Hyderabad-India. Environ. Pollut. 2015, 4, 4. [CrossRef]
34.   Odermatt, D.; Danne, O.; Philipson, P.; Brockmann, C. Diversity II water quality parameters from ENVISAT (2002–2012): A new
      global information source for lakes. Earth Syst. Sci. Data. 2018, 10, 1527–1549. [CrossRef]
Agronomy 2024, 14, 1975                                                                                                            21 of 32



35.   Shang, P.; Shen, F. Atmospheric Correction of Satellite GF-1/WFV Imagery and Quantitative Estimation of Suspended Particulate
      Matter in the Yangtze Estuary. Sensors 2016, 16, 1997. [CrossRef] [PubMed]
36.   Colomina, I.; Molina, P. Unmanned aerial systems for photogrammetry and remote sensing: A review. ISPRS J. Photogramm.
      Remote Sens. 2014, 92, 79–97. [CrossRef]
37.   Lee, C.-J.; Yang, M.-D.; Tseng, H.-H.; Hsu, Y.-C.; Sung, Y.; Chen, W.-L. Single-plant broccoli growth monitoring using deep
      learning with UAV imagery. Comput. Electron. Agric. 2023, 207, 107739. [CrossRef]
38.   Marques, T.; Carreira, S.; Miragaia, R.; Ramos, J.; Pereira, A. Applying deep learning to real-time UAV-based forest monitoring:
      Leveraging multi-sensor imagery for improved results. Expert Syst. Appl. 2024, 245, 123107. [CrossRef]
39.   Bah, M.D.; Hafiane, A.; Canals, R. Weeds detection in UAV imagery using SLIC and the hough transform. In Proceed-
      ings of the 7th International Conference on Image Processing Theory, Tools and Applications, Montreal, QC, Canada,
      28 November–1 December 2017; pp. 1–6.
40.   Yang, M.-D.; Huang, K.-S.; Kuo, Y.-H.; Tsai, H.P.; Lin, L.-M. Spatial and Spectral Hybrid Image Classification for Rice Lodging
      Assessment through UAV Imagery. Remote Sens. 2017, 9, 583. [CrossRef]
41.   Yang, Q.; She, B.; Huang, L.S.; Yang, Y.Y.; Zhang, G.; Zhang, M.; Hong, Q.; Zhang, D.Y. Extraction of soybean planting area
      based on feature fusion technology of multi-source low altitude unmanned aerial vehicle images. Ecol. Inform. 2022, 70, 101715.
      [CrossRef]
42.   Maimaitijiang, M.; Sagan, V.; Sidike, P.; Hartling, S.; Esposito, F.; Fritschi, F.B. Soybean yield prediction from UAV using
      multimodal data fusion and deep learning. Remote Sens. Environ. 2020, 237, 111599. [CrossRef]
43.   Peng, J.B.; Wang, D.L.; Zhu, W.X.; Yang, T.; Liu, Z.; Rezaei, E.E.; Li, J.; Sun, Z.G.; Xin, X.P. Combination of UAV and deep learning
      to estimate wheat yield at ripening stage: The potential of phenotypic features. Int. J. Appl. Earth Obs. Geoinf. 2023, 124, 103494.
      [CrossRef]
44.   Khan, A.; Vibhute, A.D.; Mali, S.; Patil, C.H. A systematic review on hyperspectral imaging technology with a machine and deep
      learning methodology for agricultural applications. Ecol. Inform. 2022, 69, 101678. [CrossRef]
45.   Han, W.; Zhang, X.; Wang, Y.; Wang, L.; Huang, X.; Li, J.; Wang, S.; Chen, W.; Li, X.; Feng, R.; et al. A survey of machine learning
      and deep learning in remote sensing of geological environment: Challenges, advances, and opportunities. ISPRS J. Photogramm.
      Remote Sens. 2023, 202, 87–113. [CrossRef]
46.   Coulibaly, S.; Kamsu-Foguem, B.; Kamissoko, D.; Traore, D. Deep learning for precision agriculture: A bibliometric analysis.
      Intelligent Syst. Appl. 2022, 16, 200102. [CrossRef]
47.   Liakos, K.G.; Busato, P.; Moshou, D.; Pearson, S.; Bochtis, D. Machine Learning in Agriculture: A review. Sensors 2018, 18, 2674.
      [CrossRef]
48.   Sarkar, C.; Gupta, D.; Gupta, U.; Hazarika, B.B. Leaf disease detection using machine learning and deep learning: Review and
      challenges. Appl. Soft Comput. 2023, 145, 110534. [CrossRef]
49.   Miao, Z.H.; Yu, X.Y.; Li, N.; Zhang, Z.; He, C.X.; Li, Z.; Deng, C.Y.; Sun, T. Efficient tomato harvesting robot based on image
      processing and deep learning. Precis. Agric. 2023, 24, 254–287. [CrossRef]
50.   Fu, Y.; Yang, G.; Pu, R.; Li, Z.; Li, H.; Xu, X.; Song, X.; Yang, X.; Zhao, C. An overview of crop nitrogen status assessment using
      hyperspectral remote sensing: Current status and perspectives. Eur. J. Agron. 2021, 124, 126241. [CrossRef]
51.   Casagli, N.; Cigna, F.; Bianchini, S.; Hölbling, D.; Füreder, P.; Righini, G.; Del Conte, S.; Friedl, B.; Schneiderbauer, S.;
      Iasio, C.; et al. Landslide mapping and monitoring by using radar and optical remote sensing: Examples from the EC-FP7 project
      SAFER. Remote Sens. Appl. Soc. Environ. 2016, 4, 92–108. [CrossRef]
52.   Knoll, F.J.; Czymmek, V.; Poczihoski, S.; Holtorf, T.; Hussmann, S. Improving efficiency of organic farming by using a deep
      learning classification approach. Comput. Electron. Agric. 2018, 153, 347–356. [CrossRef]
53.   Ouma, Y.O. Advancements in medium and high resolution Earth observation for land-surface imaging: Evolutions, future trends
      and contributions to sustainable development. Adv. Space Res. 2016, 57, 110–126. [CrossRef]
54.   Sofia, G. Combining geomorphometry, feature extraction techniques and Earth-surface processes research: The way forward.
      Geomorphology 2020, 355, 107055. [CrossRef]
55.   Saha, A.; Chandra Pal, S. Application of machine learning and emerging remote sensing techniques in hydrology: A state-of-the-
      art review and current research trends. J. Hydrol. 2024, 632, 130907. [CrossRef]
56.   Rodi, N.S.N.; Malek, M.A.; Ismail, A.R. Monthly Rainfall Prediction Model of Peninsular Malaysia Using Clonal Selection
      Algorithm. Int. J. Eng. Technol. 2018, 7, 182–185. [CrossRef]
57.   Latif, S.D.; Alyaa Binti Hazrin, N.; Hoon Koo, C.; Lin Ng, J.; Chaplot, B.; Feng Huang, Y.; El-Shafie, A.; Najah Ahmed, A. Assessing
      rainfall prediction models: Exploring the advantages of machine learning and remote sensing approaches. Alex. Eng. J. 2023,
      82, 16–25. [CrossRef]
58.   Khanal, S.; Fulton, J.; Shearer, S. An overview of current and potential applications of thermal remote sensing in precision
      agriculture. Comput. Electron. Agric. 2017, 139, 22–32. [CrossRef]
59.   Ahmed, Z.; Shew, A.; Nalley, L.; Popp, M.; Green, V.S.; Brye, K. An examination of thematic research, development, and trends in
      remote sensing applied to conservation agriculture. Int. Soil Water Conserv. Res. 2024, 12, 77–95. [CrossRef]
60.   Jafarbiglu, H.; Pourreza, A. A comprehensive review of remote sensing platforms, sensors, and applications in nut crops. Comput.
      Electron. Agric. 2022, 197, 106844. [CrossRef]
Agronomy 2024, 14, 1975                                                                                                         22 of 32



61.   Degerickx, J.; Roberts, D.A.; McFadden, J.P.; Hermy, M.; Somers, B. Urban tree health assessment using airborne hyperspectral
      and LiDAR imagery. Int. J. Appl. Earth Obs. Geoinf. 2018, 73, 26–38. [CrossRef]
62.   Duan, M.; Wang, Z.; Sun, L.; Liu, Y.; Yang, P. Monitoring apple flowering date at 10 m spatial resolution based on crop reference
      curves. Comput. Electron. Agric. 2024, 225, 109260. [CrossRef]
63.   Meng, R.; Gao, R.; Zhao, F.; Huang, C.; Sun, R.; Lv, Z.; Huang, Z. Landsat-based monitoring of southern pine beetle infestation
      severity and severity change in a temperate mixed forest. Remote Sens. Environ. 2022, 269, 112847. [CrossRef]
64.   Wu, B.; Liang, A.; Zhang, H.; Zhu, T.; Zou, Z.; Yang, D.; Tang, W.; Li, J.; Su, J. Application of conventional UAV-based high-
      throughput object detection to the early diagnosis of pine wilt disease by deep learning. For. Ecol. Manag. 2021, 486, 118986.
      [CrossRef]
65.   Zhu, X.; Wang, R.; Shi, W.; Yu, Q.; Li, X.; Chen, X. Automatic Detection and Classification of Dead Nematode-Infested Pine Wood
      in Stages Based on YOLO v4 and GoogLeNet. Forests 2023, 14, 601. [CrossRef]
66.   Luo, Y.; Huang, H.; Roques, A. Early Monitoring of Forest Wood-Boring Pests with Remote Sensing. Annu. Rev. Entomol. 2023,
      68, 277–298. [CrossRef] [PubMed]
67.   Ren, S.; Chen, H.; Hou, J.; Zhao, P.; Dong Qg Feng, H. Based on historical weather data to predict summer field-scale maize yield:
      Assimilation of remote sensing data to WOFOST model by ensemble Kalman filter algorithm. Comput. Electron. Agric. 2024,
      219, 108822. [CrossRef]
68.   Guerrero, N.M.; Aparicio, J.; Valero-Carreras, D. Combining Data Envelopment Analysis and Machine Learning. Mathematics
      2022, 10, 909. [CrossRef]
69.   Sharma, A.; Jain, A.; Gupta, P.; Chowdary, V. Machine Learning Applications for Precision Agriculture: A Comprehensive Review.
      IEEE Access 2021, 9, 4843–4873. [CrossRef]
70.   Behmann, J.; Mahlein, A.K.; Rumpf, T.; Römer, C.; Plümer, L. A review of advanced machine learning methods for the detection
      of biotic stress in precision crop protection. Precis. Agric. 2015, 16, 239–260. [CrossRef]
71.   Helm, J.M.; Swiergosz, A.M.; Haeberle, H.S.; Karnuta, J.M.; Schaffer, J.L.; Krebs, V.E.; Spitzer, A.I.; Ramkumar, P.N. Machine
      Learning and Artificial Intelligence: Definitions, Applications, and Future Directions. Curr. Rev. Musculoskelet. Med. 2020,
      13, 69–76. [CrossRef]
72.   Gao, Z.; Luo, Z.; Zhang, W.; Lv, Z.; Xu, Y. Deep Learning Application in Plant Stress Imaging: A Review. AgriEngineering 2020,
      2, 430–446. [CrossRef]
73.   Benos, L.; Tagarakis, A.C.; Dolias, G.; Berruto, R.; Kateris, D.; Bochtis, D. Machine Learning in Agriculture: A Comprehensive
      Updated Review. Sensors 2021, 21, 3758. [CrossRef]
74.   Choi, R.Y.; Coyner, A.S.; Kalpathy-Cramer, J.; Chiang, M.F.; Campbell, J.P. Introduction to Machine Learning, Neural Networks,
      and Deep Learning. Transl. Vis. Sci. Technol. 2020, 9, 14. [CrossRef] [PubMed]
75.   Simeone, O. A Very Brief Introduction to Machine Learning with Applications to Communication Systems. IEEE Trans. Cogn.
      Commun. Netw. 2018, 4, 648–664. [CrossRef]
76.   Albarakati, H.M.; Khan, M.A.; Hamza, A.; Khan, F.; Kraiem, N.; Jamel, L.; Almuqren, L.; Alroobaea, R. A Novel Deep Learning
      Architecture for Agriculture Land Cover and Land Use Classification from Remote Sensing Images Based on Network-Level
      Fusion of Self-Attention Architecture. IEEE J. Sel. Top. Appl. Earth Obs. Remote Sens. 2024, 17, 6338–6353. [CrossRef]
77.   Finley, A.O.; Andersen, H.E.; Babcock, C.; Cook, B.D.; Morton, D.C.; Banerjee, S. Models to Support Forest Inventory and Small
      Area Estimation Using Sparsely Sampled LiDAR: A Case Study Involving G-LiHT LiDAR in Tanana, Alaska. J. Agric. Biol.
      Environ. Stat. 2024, 28. [CrossRef]
78.   Shafik, W.; Tufail, A.; Namoun, A.; De Silva, L.C.; Apong, R. A Systematic Literature Review on Plant Disease Detection:
      Motivations, Classification Techniques, Datasets, Challenges, and Future Trends. IEEE Access 2023, 11, 59174–59203. [CrossRef]
79.   El Akhal, H.; Ben Yahya, A.; Moussa, N.; El Alaouil, A.E. A novel approach for image-based olive leaf diseases classification
      using a deep hybrid model. Ecol. Inform. 2023, 77, 102276. [CrossRef]
80.   Abbas, F.; Afzaal, H.; Farooque, A.A.; Tang, S. Crop Yield Prediction through Proximal Sensing and Machine Learning Algorithms.
      Agronomy 2020, 10, 1046. [CrossRef]
81.   Fu, Z.P.; Jiang, J.; Gao, Y.; Krienke, B.; Wang, M.; Zhong, K.T.; Cao, Q.; Tian, Y.C.; Zhu, Y.; Cao, W.X.; et al. Wheat Growth
      Monitoring and Yield Estimation based on Multi-Rotor Unmanned Aerial Vehicle. Remote Sens. 2020, 12, 508. [CrossRef]
82.   Guo, H.L.; Zhang, R.R.; Dai, W.H.; Zhou, X.W.; Zhang, D.J.; Yang, Y.H.; Cui, J. Mapping Soil Organic Matter Content Based on
      Feature Band Selection with ZY1-02D Hyperspectral Satellite Data in the Agricultural Region. Agronomy 2022, 12, 2111. [CrossRef]
83.   Erler, A.; Riebe, D.; Beitz, T.; Löhmannsröben, H.G.; Gebbers, R. Soil Nutrient Detection for Precision Agriculture Using Handheld
      Laser-Induced Breakdown Spectroscopy (LIBS) and Multivariate Regression Methods (PLSR, Lasso and GPR). Sensors 2020,
      20, 418. [CrossRef]
84.   Yoon, H.I.; Lee, H.; Yang, J.S.; Choi, J.H.; Jung, D.H.; Park, Y.J.; Park, J.E.; Kim, S.M.; Park, S.H. Predicting Models for Plant
      Metabolites Based on PLSR, AdaBoost, XGBoost, and LightGBM Algorithms Using Hyperspectral Imaging Brassica juncea.
      Agriculture 2023, 13, 1477. [CrossRef]
85.   Bakhshipour, A. Cascading Feature Filtering and Boosting Algorithm for Plant Type Classification Based on Image Features. IEEE
      Access 2021, 9, 82021–82030. [CrossRef]
86.   Luo, L.L.; Chang, Q.R.; Wang, Q.; Huang, Y. Identification and Severity Monitoring of Maize Dwarf Mosaic Virus Infection Based
      on Hyperspectral Measurements. Remote Sens. 2021, 13, 4560. [CrossRef]
Agronomy 2024, 14, 1975                                                                                                      23 of 32



87.  Shinde, S.; Patidar, H. Hyperspectral Image Classification for Vegetation Detection Using Lightweight Cascaded Deep Convolu-
     tional Neural Network. J. Indian Soc. Remote Sens. 2023, 51, 2159–2166. [CrossRef]
88. Barbedo, J.G.A.; Koenigkan, L.V.; Santos, P.M.; Ribeiro, A.R.B. Counting Cattle in UAV Images—Dealing with Clustered Animals
     and Animal/Background Contrast Changes. Sensors 2020, 20, 2126. [CrossRef]
89. Han, T.; Hu, X.M.; Zhang, J.; Xue, W.H.; Che, Y.F.; Deng, X.Q.; Zhou, L.H. Rebuilding high-quality near-surface ozone data based
     on the combination of WRF-Chem model with a machine learning method to better estimate its impact on crop yields in the
     Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region from 2014 to 2019. Environ. Pollut. 2023, 336, 122334. [CrossRef]
90. Gauci, A.; Abela, J.; Austad, M.; Cassar, L.F.; Zarb Adami, K. A Machine Learning approach for automatic land cover mapping
     from DSLR images over the Maltese Islands. Environ. Model. Softw. 2018, 99, 1–10. [CrossRef]
91. Idol, T.; Haack, B.; Mahabir, R. Radar speckle reduction and derived texture measures for land cover/use classification: A case
     study. Geocarto Int. 2017, 32, 18–29. [CrossRef]
92. Li, L.; Dong, Y.Y.; Xiao, Y.X.; Liu, L.Y.; Zhao, X.; Huang, W.J. Combining Disease Mechanism and Machine Learning to Predict
     Wheat Fusarium Head Blight. Remote Sens. 2022, 14, 2732. [CrossRef]
93. Bebie, M.; Cavalaris, C.; Kyparissis, A. Assessing Durum Wheat Yield through Sentinel-2 Imagery: A Machine Learning Approach.
     Remote Sens. 2022, 14, 3880. [CrossRef]
94. Zhou, Y.N.; Luo, J.C.; Feng, L.; Yang, Y.P.; Chen, Y.H.; Wu, W. Long-short-term-memory-based crop classification using high-
     resolution optical images and multi-temporal SAR data. GISci. Remote Sens. 2019, 56, 1170–1191. [CrossRef]
95. Jimenez, A.F.; Ortiz, B.V.; Bondesan, L.; Morata, G.; Damianidis, D. Long Short-Term Memory Neural Network for irrigation
     management: A case study from Southern Alabama, USA. Precis. Agric. 2021, 22, 475–492. [CrossRef]
96. Chen, C.; Bao, Y.X.; Zhu, F.; Yang, R.M. Remote sensing monitoring of rice growth under Cnaphalocrocis medinalis (Guenée) damage
     by integrating satellite and UAV remote sensing data. Int. J. Remote Sens. 2024, 45, 772–790. [CrossRef]
97. Dumdumaya, C.E.; Cabrera, J.S. Determination of future land use changes using remote sensing imagery and artificial neural
     network algorithm: A case study of Davao City, Philippines. Artif. Intell. Geosci. 2023, 4, 111–118. [CrossRef]
98. Bao Pham, Q.; Ajim Ali, S.; Parvin, F.; Van On, V.; Mohd Sidek, L.; Ðurin, B.; Cetl, V.; Šamanović, S.; Nguyet Minh, N. Multi-
     spectral remote sensing and GIS-based analysis for decadal land use land cover changes and future prediction using random
     forest tree and artificial neural network. Adv. Space Res. 2024, 10, 29900–29926. [CrossRef]
99. Zhang, J.; Zhang, Y.; Zhou, T.; Sun, Y.; Yang, Z.; Zheng, S. Research on the identification of land types and tree species in the
     Engebei ecological demonstration area based on GF-1 remote sensing. Ecol. Inform. 2023, 77, 102242. [CrossRef]
100. Belgiu, M.; Drăguţ, L. Random forest in remote sensing: A review of applications and future directions. ISPRS Journal of
     Photogrammetry and Remote Sens. 2016, 114, 24–31. [CrossRef]
101. Whyte, A.; Ferentinos, K.P.; Petropoulos, G.P. A new synergistic approach for monitoring wetlands using Sentinels -1 and 2 data
     with object-based machine learning algorithms. Environ. Model. Softw. 2018, 104, 40–54. [CrossRef]
102. Ali, M.Z.; Qazi, W.; Aslam, N. A comparative study of ALOS-2 PALSAR and landsat-8 imagery for land cover classification using
     maximum likelihood classifier. Egypt J. Remote Sens. Space Sci. 2018, 21, S29–S35. [CrossRef]
103. Ghayour, L.; Neshat, A.; Paryani, S.; Shahabi, H.; Shirzadi, A.; Chen, W.; Al-Ansari, N.; Geertsema, M.; Pourmehdi Amiri, M.;
     Gholamnia, M.; et al. Performance Evaluation of Sentinel-2 and Landsat 8 OLI Data for Land Cover/Use Classification Using a
     Comparison between Machine Learning Algorithms. Remote Sens. 2021, 13, 1349. [CrossRef]
104. Nguyen, T.T.; Ngo, H.H.; Guo, W.S.; Chang, S.W.; Nguyen, D.D.; Nguyen, C.T.; Zhang, J.; Liang, S.; Bui, X.T.; Hoang, N.B. A
     low-cost approach for soil moisture prediction using multi-sensor data and machine learning algorithm. Sci. Total Environ. 2022,
     833, 12–155066. [CrossRef] [PubMed]
105. Liu, Y.; Sun, Q.; Huang, J.; Feng, H.K.; Wang, J.J.; Yang, G.J. Estimation of Potato Above Ground Biomass Based on UAV
     Multispectral Images. Spectrosc. Spectr. Anal. 2021, 41, 2549–2555.
106. Li, Z.P.; Zhou, X.G.; Cheng, Q.; Fei, S.P.; Chen, Z. A Machine-Learning Model Based on the Fusion of Spectral and Textural
     Features from UAV Multi-Sensors to Analyse the Total Nitrogen Content in Winter Wheat. Remote Sens. 2023, 15, 2152. [CrossRef]
107. Pejak, B.; Lugonja, P.; Antic, A.; Panic, M.; Pandzic, M.; Alexakis, E.; Mavrepis, P.; Zhou, N.A.; Marko, O.; Crnojevic, V. Soya
     Yield Prediction on a Within-Field Scale Using Machine Learning Models Trained on Sentinel-2 and Soil Data. Remote Sens. 2022,
     14, 2256. [CrossRef]
108. Ye, Y.; Huang, Q.Q.; Rong, Y.; Yu, X.H.; Liang, W.J.; Chen, Y.X.; Xiong, S.W. Field detection of small pests through stochastic
     gradient descent with genetic algorithm. Comput. Electron. Agric. 2023, 206, 107694. [CrossRef]
109. Zualkernan, I.; Abuhani, D.A.; Hussain, M.H.; Khan, J.; El Mohandes, M. Machine Learning for Precision Agriculture Using
     Imagery from Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs): A Survey. Drones 2023, 7, 382. [CrossRef]
110. Khan, S.; Tufail, M.; Khan, M.T.; Khan, Z.A.; Iqbal, J.; Alam, M. A novel semi-supervised framework for UAV based crop/weed
     classification. PLoS ONE 2021, 16, e0251008. [CrossRef]
111. Mujkic, E.; Philipsen, M.P.; Moeslund, T.B.; Christiansen, M.P.; Ravn, O. Anomaly Detection for Agricultural Vehicles Using
     Autoencoders. Sensors 2022, 22, 3608. [CrossRef]
112. Chen, X.; Zhang, C.; Yan, K.; Wei, Z.; Cheng, N. Risk Assessment of Agricultural Soil Heavy Metal Pollution Under the Hybrid
     Intelligent Evaluation Model. IEEE Access 2023, 11, 106847–106858. [CrossRef]
Agronomy 2024, 14, 1975                                                                                                                 24 of 32



113. Alvarenga, T.C.; De Lima, R.R.; Simao, S.D.; Brandao Junior, L.C.; Bueno Filho, J.S.D.S.; Alvarenga, R.R.; Rodrigues, P.B.;
     Leite, D.F. Ensemble of hybrid Bayesian networks for predicting the AMEn of broiler feedstuffs. Comput. Electron. Agric. 2022,
     198, 107067. [CrossRef]
114. Lu, Q.K.; Xie, Y.P.; Wei, L.F.; Wei, Z.Y.; Tian, S.; Liu, H.; Cao, L. Extended Attribute Profiles for Precise Crop Classification in
     UAV-Borne Hyperspectral Imagery. IEEE Geosci. Remote Sens. Lett. 2024, 21, 2500805. [CrossRef]
115. Maeda, N.; Tonooka, H. Early Stage Forest Fire Detection from Himawari-8 AHI Images Using a Modified MOD14 Algorithm
     Combined with Machine Learning. Sensors 2023, 23, 210. [CrossRef]
116. Furuya, D.E.G.; Ma, L.F.; Pinheiro, M.M.F.; Gomes, F.D.G.; Gonçalvez, W.N.; Marcato, J.; Rodrigues, D.D.;
     Blassioli-Moraes, M.C.; Michereff, M.F.F.; Borges, M.; et al. Prediction of insect-herbivory-damage and insect-type attack in maize
     plants using hyperspectral data. Int. J. Appl. Earth Obs. Geoinf. 2021, 105, 102608. [CrossRef]
117. Javadi, S.H.; Guerrero, A.; Mouazen, A.M. Clustering and Smoothing Pipeline for Management Zone Delineation Using Proximal
     and Remote Sensing. Sensors 2022, 22, 645. [CrossRef]
118. Devarajan, G.G.; Nagarajan, S.M.; Ramana, T.V.; Vignesh, T.; Ghosh, U.; Alnumay, W. DDNSAS: Deep reinforcement learning
     based deep Q-learning network for smart agriculture system. Sust. Comput. 2023, 39, 100890. [CrossRef]
119. Din, A.; Ismail, M.Y.; Shah, B.B.; Babar, M.; Ali, F.; Baig, S.U. A deep reinforcement learning-based multi-agent area coverage
     control for smart agriculture. Comput. Electr. Eng. 2022, 101, 108089. [CrossRef]
120. García, R.; Aguilar, J.; Toro, M.; Pinto, A.; Rodríguez, P. A systematic literature review on the use of machine learning in precision
     livestock farming. Comput. Electron. Agric. 2020, 179, 105826. [CrossRef]
121. Shahab, H.; Iqbal, M.; Sohaib, A.; Ullah Khan, F.; Waqas, M. IoT-based agriculture management techniques for sustainable
     farming: A comprehensive review. Comput. Electron. Agric. 2024, 220, 108851. [CrossRef]
122. Rehman, T.U.; Mahmud, M.S.; Chang, Y.K.; Jin, J.; Shin, J. Current and future applications of statistical machine learning
     algorithms for agricultural machine vision systems. Comput. Electron. Agric. 2019, 156, 585–605. [CrossRef]
123. Sladojevic, S.; Arsenovic, M.; Anderla, A.; Culibrk, D.; Stefanovic, D. Deep Neural Networks Based Recognition of Plant Diseases
     by Leaf Image Classification. Comput. Intell. Neurosci. 2016, 2016, 3289801. [CrossRef] [PubMed]
124. Li, J.; Qiao, Y.; Liu, S.; Zhang, J.; Yang, Z.; Wang, M. An improved YOLOv5-based vegetable disease detection method. Comput.
     Electron. Agric. 2022, 202, 107345. [CrossRef]
125. Ashwinkumar, S.; Rajagopal, S.; Manimaran, V.; Jegajothi, B. Automated plant leaf disease detection and classification using
     optimal MobileNet based convolutional neural networks. Mater. Today Proc. 2022, 51, 480–487. [CrossRef]
126. Yu, Y. Research Progress of Crop Disease Image Recognition Based on Wireless Network Communication and Deep Learning.
     Wirel. Commun. Mob. Comput. 2021, 2021, 7577349. [CrossRef]
127. Ang, Y.H.; Shafri, H.Z.M.; Lee, Y.P.; Abidin, H.; Bakar, S.A.; Hashim, S.J.; Che’Ya, N.N.; Hassan, M.R.; San Lim, H.; Abdullah, R. A
     novel ensemble machine learning and time series approach for oil palm yield prediction using Landsat time series imagery based
     on NDVI. Geocarto Int. 2022, 37, 9865–9896. [CrossRef]
128. Aydin, Y.; Isikdag, U.; Bekdas, G.; Nigdeli, S.M.; Geem, Z.W. Use of Machine Learning Techniques in Soil Classification.
     Sustainability 2023, 15, 2374. [CrossRef]
129. Osco, L.P.; Nogueira, K.; Marques Ramos, A.P.; Faita Pinheiro, M.M.; Furuya, D.E.G.; Gonçalves, W.N.; de Castro Jorge, L.A.;
     Marcato Junior, J.; dos Santos, J.A. Semantic segmentation of citrus-orchard using deep neural networks and multispectral
     UAV-based imagery. Precis. Agric. 2021, 22, 1171–1188. [CrossRef]
130. Kellenberger, B.; Marcos, D.; Tuia, D. Detecting mammals in UAV images: Best practices to address a substantially imbalanced
     dataset with deep learning. Remote Sens. Environ. 2018, 216, 139–153. [CrossRef]
131. Kamath, R.; Balachandra, M.; Vardhan, A.; Maheshwari, U. Classification of paddy crop and weeds using semantic segmentation.
     Cogent Eng. 2022, 9, 2018791. [CrossRef]
132. Jin, X.; Sun, Y.; Che, J.; Bagavathiannan, M.; Yu, J.; Chen, Y. A novel deep learning-based method for detection of weeds in
     vegetables. Pest Manag. Sci. 2022, 78, 1861–1869. [CrossRef]
133. Xun, L.; Zhang, J.; Cao, D.; Wang, J.; Zhang, S.; Yao, F. Mapping cotton cultivated area combining remote sensing with a fused
     representation-based classification algorithm. Comput. Electron. Agric. 2021, 181, 105940. [CrossRef]
134. Zhao, H.; Huang, Y.; Wang, X.; Li, X.; Lei, T. The performance of SPEI integrated remote sensing data for monitoring agricultural
     drought in the North China Plain. Field Crops Res. 2023, 302, 109041. [CrossRef]
135. Lyu, X.; Li, X.; Dang, D.; Dou, H.; Xuan, X.; Liu, S.; Li, M.; Gong, J. A new method for grassland degradation monitoring by
     vegetation species composition using hyperspectral remote sensing. Ecol. Indic. 2020, 114, 106310. [CrossRef]
136. Xiao, D.; Niu, H.; Guo, F.; Zhao, S.; Fan, L. Monitoring irrigation dynamics in paddy fields using spatiotemporal fusion of
     Sentinel-2 and MODIS. Agric. Water Manag. 2022, 263, 107409. [CrossRef]
137. Zhang, G.; Xiao, X.; Dong, J.; Kou, W.; Jin, C.; Qin, Y.; Zhou, Y.; Wang, J.; Menarguez, M.A.; Biradar, C. Mapping paddy rice
     planting areas through time series analysis of MODIS land surface temperature and vegetation index data. ISPRS J. Photogramm.
     Remote Sens. 2015, 106, 157–171. [CrossRef]
138. Liu, J.-R.; Liu, Q.; Khoury, J.; Li, Y.-J.; Han, X.-H.; Li, J.; Ibla, J.C. Hypoxic preconditioning decreases nuclear factor κB activity via
     Disrupted in Schizophrenia-1. Int. J. Biochem. Cell Biol. 2016, 70, 140–148. [CrossRef]
139. Guo, Y.; Ren, H. Remote sensing monitoring of maize and paddy rice planting area using GF-6 WFV red edge features. Comput.
     Electron. Agric. 2023, 207, 107714. [CrossRef]
Agronomy 2024, 14, 1975                                                                                                           25 of 32



140. DeVries, B.; Verbesselt, J.; Kooistra, L.; Herold, M. Robust monitoring of small-scale forest disturbances in a tropical montane
     forest using Landsat time series. Remote Sens. Environ. 2015, 161, 107–121. [CrossRef]
141. Jevsenak, J.; Arnic, D.; Krajnc, L.; Skudnik, M. Machine Learning Forest Simulator (MLFS): R package for data-driven assessment
     of the future state of forests. Ecol. Inform. 2023, 75, 102115. [CrossRef]
142. Bagheri Bodaghabadi, M.; Martínez-Casasnovas, J.A.; Esfandiarpour Borujeni, I.; Salehi, M.H.; Mohammadi, J.; Toomanian, N.
     Database extension for digital soil mapping using artificial neural networks. Arab. J. Geosci. 2016, 9, 701. [CrossRef]
143. Dornik, A.; Drăgut, , L.; Urdea, P. Classification of Soil Types Using Geographic Object-Based Image Analysis and Random Forests.
     Pedosphere 2018, 28, 913–925. [CrossRef]
144. Lu, H.; Liu, C.; Li, N.; Fu, X.; Li, L. Optimal segmentation scale selection and evaluation of cultivated land objects based on
     high-resolution remote sensing images with spectral and texture features. Environ. Sci. Pollut. Res. 2021, 28, 27067–27083.
     [CrossRef]
145. Rai, N.; Flores, P. Leveraging transfer learning in ArcGIS Pro to detect “doubles” in a sunflower field. In ASABE Annual
     International Virtual Meeting; ASABE: St. Joseph, MI, USA, 2021; p. 1.
146. Butte, S.; Vakanski, A.; Duellman, K.; Wang, H.; Mirkouei, A. Potato crop stress identification in aerial images using deep
     learning-based object detection. Agron. J. 2021, 113, 3991–4002. [CrossRef]
147. Rong, J.; Zhou, H.; Zhang, F.; Yuan, T.; Wang, P. Tomato cluster detection and counting using improved YOLOv5 based on RGB-D
     fusion. Comput. Electron. Agric. 2023, 207, 107741. [CrossRef]
148. Guo, Q.; Potter, K.M.; Ren, H.; Zhang, P. Impacts of Exotic Pests on Forest Ecosystems: An Update. Forests 2023, 14, 605. [CrossRef]
149. Li, W.; Zheng, T.; Yang, Z.; Li, M.; Sun, C.; Yang, X. Classification and detection of insects from field images using deep learning
     for smart pest management: A systematic review. Ecol. Inform. 2021, 66, 101460. [CrossRef]
150. Sun, Y.; Liu, X.; Yuan, M.; Ren, L.; Wang, J.; Chen, Z. Automatic in-trap pest detection using deep learning for pheromone-based
     Dendroctonus valens monitoring. Biosyst. Eng. 2018, 176, 140–150. [CrossRef]
151. Partel, V.; Nunes, L.; Stansly, P.; Ampatzidis, Y. Automated vision-based system for monitoring Asian citrus psyllid in orchards
     utilizing artificial intelligence. Comput. Electron. Agric. 2019, 162, 328–336. [CrossRef]
152. Mahanta, D.K.; Bhoi, T.K.; Komal, J.; Samal, I.; Mastinu, A. Spatial, spectral and temporal insights: Harnessing high-resolution
     satellite remote sensing and artificial intelligence for early monitoring of wood boring pests in forests. Plant Stress. 2024,
     11, 100381. [CrossRef]
153. Bhatnagar, S.; Mahanta, D.K.; Vyas, V.; Samal, I.; Komal, J.; Bhoi, T.K. Storage Pest Management with Nanopesticides Incorporating
     Silicon Nanoparticles: A Novel Approach for Sustainable Crop Preservation and Food Security. Silicon 2024, 16, 471–483.
     [CrossRef]
154. Barchenkov, A.; Rubtsov, A.; Safronova, I.; Astapenko, S.; Tabakova, K.; Bogdanova, K.; Anuev, E.; Arzac, A. Features of Scots
     Pine Mortality Due to Incursion of Pine Bark Beetles in Symbiosis with Ophiostomatoid Fungi in the Forest-Steppe of Central
     Siberia. Forests 2023, 14, 1301. [CrossRef]
155. Ballesteros, R.; Ortega, J.F.; Hernández, D.; Moreno, M.A. Applications of georeferenced high-resolution images obtained with
     unmanned aerial vehicles. Part II: Application to maize and onion crops of a semi-arid region in Spain. Precis. Agric. 2014,
     15, 593–614. [CrossRef]
156. Gopalakrishnan, R.; Subhash, C.; Kalpana, K. Predictive zoning of rice stem borer damage in southern India through spatial
     interpolation of weather-based models. J. Environ. Biol. 2014, 35, 923–928.
157. Nurfaiz Abd Kharim, M.; Wayayok, A.; Fikri Abdullah, A.; Rashid Mohamed Shariff, A.; Mohd Husin, E.; Razif Mahadi, M.
     Predictive zoning of pest and disease infestations in rice field based on UAV aerial imagery. Egypt. J. Remote Sens. Space Sci. 2022,
     25, 831–840. [CrossRef]
158. Shi, Y.; Huang, W.; Luo, J.; Huang, L.; Zhou, X. Detection and discrimination of pests and diseases in winter wheat based on
     spectral indices and kernel discriminant analysis. Comput. Electron. Agric. 2017, 141, 171–180. [CrossRef]
159. Yuan, L.; Zhang, H.; Zhang, Y.; Xing, C.; Bao, Z. Feasibility assessment of multi-spectral satellite sensors in monitoring and
     discriminating wheat diseases and insects. Optik 2017, 131, 598–608. [CrossRef]
160. Ebrahimi, M.A.; Khoshtaghaza, M.H.; Minaei, S.; Jamshidi, B. Vision-based pest detection based on SVM classification method.
     Comput. Electron. Agric. 2017, 137, 52–58. [CrossRef]
161. Kumar, D.; Kukreja, V. An Instance Segmentation Approach for Wheat Yellow Rust Disease Recognition. In Proceedings of the
     International Conference on Decision Aid Sciences and Application (DASA), Sakheer, Bahrain, 7–8 December 2021; pp. 926–931.
162. Amarathunga, D.C.; Grundy, J.; Parry, H.; Dorin, A. Methods of insect image capture and classification: A Systematic literature
     review. Smart Agric. Technol. 2021, 1, 100023. [CrossRef]
163. Tetila, E.C.; Machado, B.B.; Menezes, G.V.; Belete, N.A.d.S.; Astolfi, G.; Pistori, H. A Deep-Learning Approach for Automatic
     Counting of Soybean Insect Pests. IEEE Geosci. Remote Sens. Lett. 2020, 17, 1837–1841. [CrossRef]
164. Abade, A.; Porto, L.F.; Ferreira, P.A.; de Barros Vidal, F. NemaNet: A convolutional neural network model for identification of
     soybean nematodes. Biosyst. Eng. 2022, 213, 39–62. [CrossRef]
165. Kamilaris, A.; Prenafeta-Boldú, F.X. Deep learning in agriculture: A survey. Comput. Electron. Agric. 2018, 147, 70–90. [CrossRef]
166. Li, R.; Wang, R.; Zhang, J.; Xie, C.; Liu, L.; Wang, F.; Chen, H.; Chen, T.; Hu, H.; Jia, X.; et al. An Effective Data Augmentation
     Strategy for CNN-Based Pest Localization and Recognition in the Field. IEEE Access 2019, 7, 160274–160283. [CrossRef]
Agronomy 2024, 14, 1975                                                                                                            26 of 32



167. Vélez, S.; Ariza-Sentís, M.; Valente, J. Mapping the spatial variability of Botrytis bunch rot risk in vineyards using UAV
     multispectral imagery. Eur. J. Agron. 2023, 142, 126691. [CrossRef]
168. Gomez Selvaraj, M.; Vergara, A.; Montenegro, F.; Alonso Ruiz, H.; Safari, N.; Raymaekers, D.; Ocimati, W.; Ntamwira, J.; Tits, L.;
     Omondi, A.B.; et al. Detection of banana plants and their major diseases through aerial images and machine learning methods: A
     case study in DR Congo and Republic of Benin. ISPRS J. Photogramm. Remote Sens. 2020, 169, 110–124. [CrossRef]
169. Alshammari, H.H.; Alzahrani, A. Employing a hybrid lion-firefly algorithm for recognition and classification of olive leaf disease
     in Saudi Arabia. Alexandria. Eng. J. 2023, 84, 215–226. [CrossRef]
170. Zhang, T.; Xu, Z.; Su, J.; Yang, Z.; Liu, C.; Chen, W.-H.; Li, J. Ir-UNet: Irregular Segmentation U-Shape Network for Wheat Yellow
     Rust Detection by UAV Multispectral Imagery. Remote Sens. 2021, 13, 3892. [CrossRef]
171. Jin, X.; Jie, L.; Wang, S.; Qi, H.J.; Li, S.W. Classifying Wheat Hyperspectral Pixels of Healthy Heads and Fusarium Head Blight
     Disease Using a Deep Neural Network in the Wild Field. Remote Sens. 2018, 10, 395. [CrossRef]
172. Zhang, Y.; Lv, C. TinySegformer: A lightweight visual segmentation model for real-time agricultural pest detection. Comput.
     Electron. Agric. 2024, 218, 108740. [CrossRef]
173. Lu, S.; Ye, S.-j. Using an image segmentation and support vector machine method for identifying two locust species and instars.
     J. Integr. Agric. 2020, 19, 1301–1313. [CrossRef]
174. Barbedo, J.G.A.; Tibola, C.S.; Fernandes, J.M.C. Detecting Fusarium head blight in wheat kernels using hyperspectral imaging.
     Biosyst. Eng. 2015, 131, 65–76. [CrossRef]
175. Mumtaz, R.; Maqsood, M.H.; Haq Iu Shafi, U.; Mahmood, Z.; Mumtaz, M. Integrated digital image processing techniques and
     deep learning approaches for wheat stripe rust disease detection and grading. Decis. Anal. J. 2023, 8, 100305. [CrossRef]
176. Bao, W.; Zhu, Z.; Hu, G.; Zhou, X.; Zhang, D.; Yang, X. UAV remote sensing detection of tea leaf blight based on DDMA-YOLO.
     Comput. Electron. Agric. 2023, 205, 107637. [CrossRef]
177. Li, D.; Song, Z.; Quan, C.; Xu, X.; Liu, C. Recent advances in image fusion technology in agriculture. Comput. Electron. Agric. 2021,
     191, 106491. [CrossRef]
178. Ali, M.A.; Sharma, A.K.; Dhanaraj, R.K. Heterogeneous features and deep learning networks fusion-based pest detection,
     prevention and controlling system using IoT and pest sound analytics in a vast agriculture system. Comput. Electr. Eng. 2024,
     116, 109146. [CrossRef]
179. Lin, Q.; Huang, H.; Wang, J.; Chen, L.; Du, H.; Zhou, G. Early detection of pine shoot beetle attack using vertical profile of
     plant traits through UAV-based hyperspectral, thermal, and lidar data fusion. Int. J. Appl. Earth Obs. Geoinf. 2023, 125, 103549.
     [CrossRef]
180. Dalagnol, R.; Phillips, O.L.; Gloor, E.; Galvão, L.S.; Wagner, F.H.; Locks, C.J.; Aragão, L.E.O.C. Quantifying Canopy Tree Loss and
     Gap Recovery in Tropical Forests under Low-Intensity Logging Using VHR Satellite Imagery and Airborne LiDAR. Remote Sens.
     2019, 11, 817. [CrossRef]
181. Pantazi, X.E.; Moshou, D.; Bochtis, D. Chapter 5-Tutorial II: Disease detection with fusion techniques. In Intelligent Data Mining
     and Fusion Systems in Agriculture; Pantazi, X.E., Moshou, D., Bochtis, D., Eds.; Academic Press: Cambridge, MA, USA, 2020;
     pp. 199–221.
182. Kaya, Y.; Gürsoy, E. A novel multi-head CNN design to identify plant diseases using the fusion of RGB images. Ecol. Inform. 2023,
     75, 101998. [CrossRef]
183. Ma, R.; Zhang, N.; Zhang, X.; Bai, T.; Yuan, X.; Bao, H.; He, D.; Sun, W.; He, Y. Cotton Verticillium wilt monitoring based on UAV
     multispectral-visible multi-source feature fusion. Comput. Electron. Agric. 2024, 217, 108628. [CrossRef]
184. De Cesaro Júnior, T.; Rieder, R.; Di Domênico, J.R.; Lau, D. InsectCV: A system for insect detection in the lab from trap images.
     Ecol. Inform. 2022, 67, 101516. [CrossRef]
185. Ishengoma, F.S.; Rai, I.A.; Ngoga, S.R. Hybrid convolution neural network model for a quicker detection of infested maize plants
     with fall armyworms using UAV-based images. Ecol. Inform. 2022, 67, 101502. [CrossRef]
186. Waheed, A.; Goyal, M.; Gupta, D.; Khanna, A.; Hassanien, A.E.; Pandey, H.M. An optimized dense convolutional neural network
     model for disease recognition and classification in corn leaf. Comput. Electron. Agric. 2020, 175, 105456. [CrossRef]
187. Sunil, C.K.; Jaidhar, C.D.; Patil, N. Tomato plant disease classification using Multilevel Feature Fusion with adaptive channel
     spatial and pixel attention mechanism. Expert Syst. Appl. 2023, 228, 120381. [CrossRef]
188. Dong, S.; Teng, Y.; Jiao, L.; Du, J.; Liu, K.; Wang, R. ESA-Net: An efficient scale-aware network for small crop pest detection.
     Expert Syst. Appl. 2024, 236, 121308. [CrossRef]
189. Amarathunga, D.C.; Ratnayake, M.N.; Grundy, J.; Dorin, A. Fine-grained image classification of microscopic insect pest species:
     Western Flower thrips and Plague thrips. Comput. Electron. Agric. 2022, 203, 107462. [CrossRef]
190. Ye, W.; Lao, J.; Liu, Y.; Chang, C.-C.; Zhang, Z.; Li, H.; Zhou, H. Pine pest detection using remote sensing satellite images
     combined with a multi-scale attention-UNet model. Ecol. Inform. 2022, 72, 101906. [CrossRef]
191. Kaliraj, S.; Adhikari, K.; Dharumarajan, S.; Lalitha, M.; Kumar, N. Chapter 3-Remote sensing and geographic information system
     applications. In Mapping and Assessment of Soil Resources; Dharumarajan, S., Kaliraj, S., Adhikari, K., Lalitha, M., Kumar, N., Eds.;
     Remote Sensing of Soils Elsevier: Amsterdam, The Netherlands, 2024; pp. 25–41.
192. Yang, H.; Zhang, X.; Xu, M.; Shao, S.; Wang, X.; Liu, W.; Wu, D.; Ma, Y.; Bao, Y.; Zhang, X.; et al. Hyper-temporal remote sensing
     data in bare soil period and terrain attributes for digital soil mapping in the Black soil regions of China. Catena 2020, 184, 104259.
     [CrossRef]
Agronomy 2024, 14, 1975                                                                                                               27 of 32



193. Das, B.; Rathore, P.; Roy, D.; Chakraborty, D.; Bhattacharya, B.K.; Mandal, D.; Jatav, R.; Sethi, D.; Mukherjee, J.; Sehgal, V.K.; et al.
     Ensemble surface soil moisture estimates at farm-scale combining satellite-based optical-thermal-microwave remote sensing
     observations. Agric. For. Meteorol. 2023, 339, 109567. [CrossRef]
194. Dash, P.K. Chapter 22—Remote sensing as a potential tool for advancing digital soil mapping. In Remote Sensing of Soils;
     Dharumarajan, S., Kaliraj, S., Adhikari, K., Lalitha, M., Kumar, N., Eds.; Elsevier: Amsterdam, The Netherlands, 2024;
     pp. 357–370.
195. Das, S.; Ghimire, D. Chapter 25—Soil organic carbon: Measurement and monitoring using remote sensing data. In Remote Sensing
     of Soils; Dharumarajan, S., Kaliraj, S., Adhikari, K., Lalitha, M., Kumar, N., Eds.; Elsevier: Amsterdam, The Netherlands, 2024;
     pp. 395–409.
196. Hareesh, S.B. Chapter 7—The latest applications of remote sensing technologies for soil management in precision agriculture
     practices. In Remote Sensing in Precision Agriculture; Lamine, S., Srivastava, P.K., Kayad, A., Muñoz-Arriola, F., Pandey, P.C., Eds.;
     Academic Press: Cambridge, MA, USA, 2024; pp. 105–135.
197. Peña-Arancibia, J.L.; Mainuddin, M.; Kirby, J.M.; Chiew, F.H.S.; McVicar, T.R.; Vaze, J. Assessing irrigated agriculture’s surface
     water and groundwater consumption by combining satellite remote sensing and hydrologic modelling. Sci. Total Environ. 2016,
     542, 372–382. [CrossRef] [PubMed]
198. Li, Q.; Hao, H.; Zhao, Y.; Geng, Q.; Liu, G.; Zhang, Y.; Yu, F. GANs-LSTM Model for Soil Temperature Estimation From
     Meteorological: A New Approach. IEEE Access 2020, 8, 59427–59443. [CrossRef]
199. Li, Q.; Li, Z.; Shangguan, W.; Wang, X.; Li, L.; Yu, F. Improving soil moisture prediction using a novel encoder-decoder model
     with residual learning. Comput. Electron. Agric. 2022, 195, 106816. [CrossRef]
200. Mohanty, B.P.; Cosh, M.H.; Lakshmi, V.; Montzka, C. Soil Moisture Remote Sensing: State-of-the-Science. Vadose Zone J. 2017,
     16, 1–9. [CrossRef]
201. Maynard, J.J.; Levi, M.R. Hyper-temporal remote sensing for digital soil mapping: Characterizing soil-vegetation response to
     climatic variability. Geoderma 2017, 285, 94–109. [CrossRef]
202. Duan, M.; Song, X.; Li, Z.; Zhang, X.; Ding, X.; Cui, D. Identifying soil groups and selecting a high-accuracy classification
     method based on multi-textural features with optimal window sizes using remote sensing images. Ecol. Inform. 2024, 81, 102563.
     [CrossRef]
203. Zhou, Q.B.; Yu, Q.Y.; Liu, J.; Wu, W.B.; Tang, H.J. Perspective of Chinese GF-1 high-resolution satellite data in agricultural remote
     sensing monitoring. J. Integr. Agric. 2017, 16, 242–251. [CrossRef]
204. Musasa, T.; Dube, T.; Marambanyika, T. Landsat satellite programme potential for soil erosion assessment and monitoring in arid
     environments: A review of applications and challenges. Int. Soil Water Conserv. Res. 2023, 12, 267–278. [CrossRef]
205. Wang, J.; Zhang, Y.; Song, P.; Tian, J. Estimating sub-daily resolution soil moisture using Fengyun satellite data and machine
     learning. J. Hydrol. 2024, 632, 130814. [CrossRef]
206. Kolassa, J.; Reichle, R.H.; Liu, Q.; Alemohammad, S.H.; Gentine, P.; Aida, K.; Asanuma, J.; Bircher, S.; Caldwell, T.;
     Colliander, A.; et al. Estimating surface soil moisture from SMAP observations using a Neural Network technique. Remote Sens.
     Environ. 2018, 204, 43–59. [CrossRef]
207. Wang La Zhou, X.; Zhu, X.; Dong, Z.; Guo, W. Estimation of biomass in wheat using random forest regression algorithm and
     remote sensing data. Crop J. 2016, 4, 212–219. [CrossRef]
208. Yang, H.; Xiong, L.; Liu, D.; Cheng, L.; Chen, J. High spatial resolution simulation of profile soil moisture by assimilating
     multi-source remote-sensed information into a distributed hydrological model. J. Hydrol. 2021, 597, 126311. [CrossRef]
209. Mammadov, E.; Nowosad, J.; Glaesser, C. Estimation and mapping of surface soil properties in the Caucasus Mountains,
     Azerbaijan using high-resolution remote sensing data. Geoderma Reg. 2021, 26, e00411. [CrossRef]
210. Straffelini, E.; Pijl, A.; Otto, S.; Marchesini, E.; Pitacco, A.; Tarolli, P. A high-resolution physical modelling approach to assess
     runoff and soil erosion in vineyards under different soil managements. Soil Tillage Res. 2022, 222, 105418. [CrossRef]
211. Koley, S.; Jeganathan, C. Estimation and evaluation of high spatial resolution surface soil moisture using multi-sensor multi-
     resolution approach. Geoderma 2020, 378, 114618. [CrossRef]
212. Bertalan, L.; Holb, I.; Pataki, A.; Négyesi, G.; Szabó, G.; Kupásné Szalóki, A.; Szabo, S. UAV-based multispectral and thermal
     cameras to predict soil water content–A machine learning approach. Comput. Electron. Agric. 2022, 200, 107262. [CrossRef]
213. Menzies Pluer, E.G.; Robinson, D.T.; Meinen, B.U.; Macrae, M.L. Pairing soil sampling with very-high resolution UAV imagery:
     An examination of drivers of soil and nutrient movement and agricultural productivity in southern Ontario. Geoderma 2020,
     379, 114630. [CrossRef]
214. Cheng, M.; Jiao, X.; Liu, Y.; Shao, M.; Yu, X.; Bai, Y.; Wang, Z.; Wang, S.; Tuohuti, N.; Liu, S.; et al. Estimation of soil moisture
     content under high maize canopy coverage from UAV multimodal data and machine learning. Agric. Water Manag. 2022,
     264, 107530. [CrossRef]
215. Huuskonen, J.; Oksanen, T. Soil sampling with drones and augmented reality in precision agriculture. Comput. Electron. Agric.
     2018, 154, 25–35. [CrossRef]
216. Shokati, H.; Mashal, M.; Noroozi, A.; Mirzaei, S.; Mohammadi-Doqozloo, Z. Assessing soil moisture levels using visible UAV
     imagery and machine learning models. Remote Sens. Appl. Soc. Environ. 2023, 32, 101076. [CrossRef]
Agronomy 2024, 14, 1975                                                                                                            28 of 32



217. Wang, Z.; Zhang, X.; Zhang, F.; Chan, N.W.; Kung, H.-t.; Liu, S.; Deng, L. Estimation of soil salt content using machine learning
     techniques based on remote-sensing fractional derivatives, a case study in the Ebinur Lake Wetland National Nature Reserve,
     Northwest China. Ecol. Indic. 2020, 119, 106869. [CrossRef]
218. Ma, S.; He, B.; Ge, X.; Luo, X. Spatial prediction of soil salinity based on the Google Earth Engine platform with multitemporal
     synthetic remote sensing images. Ecol. Inform. 2023, 75, 102111. [CrossRef]
219. Du, R.; Chen, J.; Xiang, Y.; Xiang, R.; Yang, X.; Wang, T.; He, Y.; Wu, Y.; Yin, H.; Zhang, Z.; et al. Timely monitoring of soil
     water-salt dynamics within cropland by hybrid spectral unmixing and machine learning models. Int. Soil Water Conserv. Res.
     2023, 12, 726–740. [CrossRef]
220. Golestani, M.; Mosleh Ghahfarokhi, Z.; Esfandiarpour-Boroujeni, I.; Shirani, H. Evaluating the spatiotemporal variations of soil
     salinity in Sirjan Playa, Iran using Sentinel-2A and Landsat-8 OLI imagery. Catena 2023, 231, 107375. [CrossRef]
221. Sothe, C.; Gonsamo, A.; Arabian, J.; Snider, J. Large scale mapping of soil organic carbon concentration with 3D machine learning
     and satellite observations. Geoderma 2022, 405, 115402. [CrossRef]
222. Rahman, A.; Abdullah, H.M.; Tanzir, M.T.; Hossain, M.J.; Khan, B.M.; Miah, M.G.; Islam, I. Performance of different machine
     learning algorithms on satellite image classification in rural and urban setup. Remote Sens. Appl. Soc. Environ. 2020, 20, 100410.
     [CrossRef]
223. Huang, H.; Wang, J.; Liu, C.; Liang, L.; Li, C.; Gong, P. The migration of training samples towards dynamic global land cover
     mapping. ISPRS J. Photogramm. Remote Sens. 2020, 161, 27–36. [CrossRef]
224. Zafar, Z.; Zubair, M.; Zha, Y.; Fahd, S.; Ahmad Nadeem, A. Performance assessment of machine learning algorithms for mapping
     of land use/land cover using remote sensing data. Egypt. J. Remote Sens. Space Sci. 2024, 27, 216–226. [CrossRef]
225. Elhadi, M.I.A.; Mutanga, O.; Odindi, J.; Abdel-Rahman, E.M. Land-use/cover classification in a heterogeneous coastal landscape
     using RapidEye imagery: Evaluating the performance of random forest and support vector machines classifiers. Int. J. Remote
     Sens. 2014, 35, 3440–3458.
226. Gómez, C.; White, J.C.; Wulder, M.A. Optical remotely sensed time series data for land cover classification: A review. ISPRS J.
     Photogramm. Remote Sens. 2016, 116, 55–72. [CrossRef]
227. Matlhodi, B.; Kenabatho, P.K.; Parida, B.P.; Maphanyane, J.G. Evaluating Land Use and Land Cover Change in the Gaborone
     Dam Catchment, Botswana, from 1984–2015 Using GIS and Remote Sensing. Sustainability 2019, 11, 5174. [CrossRef]
228. Liu, J.; Yang, K.; Tariq, A.; Lu, L.; Soufan, W.; El Sabagh, A. Interaction of climate, topography and soil properties with cropland
     and cropping pattern using remote sensing data and machine learning methods. Egypt. J. Remote Sens. Space Sci. 2023, 26, 415–426.
     [CrossRef]
229. Yuh, Y.G.; Tracz, W.; Matthews, H.D.; Turner, S.E. Application of machine learning approaches for land cover monitoring in
     northern Cameroon. Ecol. Inform. 2023, 74, 101955. [CrossRef]
230. Khatami, R.; Mountrakis, G.; Stehman, S.V. A meta-analysis of remote sensing research on supervised pixel-based land-cover
     image classification processes: General guidelines for practitioners and future research. Remote Sens. Environ. 2016, 177, 89–100.
     [CrossRef]
231. Nitze, I.; Barrett, B.; Cawkwell, F. Temporal optimisation of image acquisition for land cover classification with Random Forest
     and MODIS time-series. Int. J. Appl. Earth Obs. Geoinf. 2015, 34, 136–146. [CrossRef]
232. Zhang, S.; Liu, L.Y. The potential of the MERIS Terrestrial Chlorophyll Index for crop yield prediction. Remote Sens. Lett. 2014,
     5, 733–742. [CrossRef]
233. Teodoro, A. Applicability of data mining algorithms in the identification of beach features/patterns on high-resolution satellite
     data. J. Appl. Remote Sens. 2015, 9, 095095. [CrossRef]
234. Sinha, S.; Sharma, L.K.; Nathawat, M.S. Improved Land-use/Land-cover classification of semi-arid deciduous forest landscape
     using thermal remote sensing. Egypt. J. Remote Sens. Space Sci. 2015, 18, 217–233. [CrossRef]
235. Mei, A.; Manzo, C.; Fontinovo, G.; Bassani, C.; Allegrini, A.; Petracchini, F. Assessment of land cover changes in Lampedusa
     Island (Italy) using Landsat TM and OLI data. J. Afr. Earth Sci. 2016, 122, 15–24. [CrossRef]
236. Silva, L.P.E.; Xavier, A.P.C.; da Silva, R.M.; Santos, C.A.G. Modeling land cover change based on an artificial neural network for a
     semiarid river basin in northeastern Brazil. Glob. Ecol. Conserv. 2020, 21, e00811. [CrossRef]
237. Zhang, H.K.; Roy, D.P.; Luo, D. Demonstration of large area land cover classification with a one dimensional convolutional neural
     network applied to single pixel temporal metric percentiles. Remote Sens. Environ. 2023, 295, 113653. [CrossRef]
238. Zhang, C.; Yue, P.; Tapete, D.; Shangguan, B.; Wang, M.; Wu, Z. A multi-level context-guided classification method with object-
     based convolutional neural network for land cover classification using very high resolution remote sensing images. Int. J. Appl.
     Earth Obs. Geoinf. 2020, 88, 102086. [CrossRef]
239. Loukika, K.N.; Keesara, V.R.; Sridhar, V. Analysis of Land Use and Land Cover Using Machine Learning Algorithms on Google
     Earth Engine for Munneru River Basin, India. Sustainability 2021, 13, 13758. [CrossRef]
240. Prasad, P.; Loveson, V.J.; Chandra, P.; Kotha, M. Evaluation and comparison of the earth observing sensors in land cover/land
     use studies using machine learning algorithms. Ecol. Inform. 2022, 68, 101522. [CrossRef]
241. Zhou, X.; Zheng, H.B.; Xu, X.Q.; He, J.Y.; Ge, X.K.; Yao, X.; Cheng, T.; Zhu, Y.; Cao, W.X.; Tian, Y.C. Predicting grain yield in rice
     using multi-temporal vegetation indices from UAV-based multispectral and digital imagery. ISPRS J. Photogramm. Remote Sens.
     2017, 130, 246–255. [CrossRef]
Agronomy 2024, 14, 1975                                                                                                              29 of 32



242. Wang, L.; Tian, Y.; Yao, X.; Zhu, Y.; Cao, W. Predicting grain yield and protein content in wheat by fusing multi-sensor and
     multi-temporal remote-sensing images. Field Crops Res. 2014, 164, 178–188. [CrossRef]
243. Furukawa, F.; Maruyama, K.; Saito, Y.K.; Kaneko, M. Corn Height Estimation Using UAV for Yield Prediction and Crop
     Monitoring. In Unmanned Aerial Vehicle: Applications in Agriculture and Environment; Avtar, R., Watanabe, T., Eds.; Springer
     International Publishing: Cham, Switzerland, 2020; pp. 51–69.
244. Johnson, D.M. An assessment of pre- and within-season remotely sensed variables for forecasting corn and soybean yields in the
     United States. Remote Sens. Environ. 2014, 141, 116–128. [CrossRef]
245. Shao, M.; Nie, C.; Zhang, A.; Shi, L.; Zha, Y.; Xu, H.; Yang, H.; Yu, X.; Bai, Y.; Liu, S.; et al. Quantifying effect of maize tassels
     on LAI estimation based on multispectral imagery and machine learning methods. Comput. Electron. Agric. 2023, 211, 108029.
     [CrossRef]
246. Yang, C.; Lee, W.S.; Gader, P. Hyperspectral band selection for detecting different blueberry fruit maturity stages. Comput. Electron.
     Agric. 2014, 109, 23–31. [CrossRef]
247. Peña, M.A.; Brenning, A. Assessing fruit-tree crop classification from Landsat-8 time series for the Maipo Valley, Chile. Remote
     Sens. Environ. 2015, 171, 234–244. [CrossRef]
248. Liang, L.; Di, L.; Zhang, L.; Deng, M.; Qin, Z.; Zhao, S.; Lin, H. Estimation of crop LAI using hyperspectral vegetation indices and
     a hybrid inversion method. Remote Sens. Environ. 2015, 165, 123–134. [CrossRef]
249. Yang, Z.; Shao, Y.; Li, K.; Liu, Q.; Liu, L.; Brisco, B. An improved scheme for rice phenology estimation based on time-series
     multispectral HJ-1A/B and polarimetric RADARSAT-2 data. Remote Sens. Environ. 2017, 195, 184–201. [CrossRef]
250. Azadbakht, M.; Ashourloo, D.; Aghighi, H.; Homayouni, S.; Shahrabi, H.S.; Matkan, A.; Radiom, S. Alfalfa yield estimation
     based on time series of Landsat 8 and PROBA-V images: An investigation of machine learning techniques and spectral-temporal
     features. Remote Sens. Appl. Soc. Environ. 2022, 25, 100657. [CrossRef]
251. Görgens, E.B.; Montaghi, A.; Rodriguez, L.C.E. A performance comparison of machine learning methods to estimate the
     fast-growing forest plantation yield based on laser scanning metrics. Comput. Electron. Agric. 2015, 116, 221–227. [CrossRef]
252. Guo, Z.; Chamberlin, J.; You, L. Smallholder maize yield estimation using satellite data and machine learning in Ethiopia. Crop
     Environ. 2023, 2, 165–174. [CrossRef]
253. Van Ewijk, K.Y.; Randin, C.F.; Treitz, P.M.; Scott, N.A. Predicting fine-scale tree species abundance patterns using biotic variables
     derived from LiDAR and high spatial resolution imagery. Remote Sens. Environ. 2014, 150, 120–131. [CrossRef]
254. Khanal, S.; Klopfenstein, A.; Kc, K.; Ramarao, V.; Fulton, J.; Douridas, N.; Shearer, S.A. Assessing the impact of agricultural field
     traffic on corn grain yield using remote sensing and machine learning. Soil Tillage Res. 2021, 208, 104880. [CrossRef]
255. Habibi, L.N.; Matsui, T.; Tanaka, T.S.T. Critical evaluation of the effects of a cross-validation strategy and machine learning
     optimization on the prediction accuracy and transferability of a soybean yield prediction model using UAV-based remote sensing.
     J. Agric. Food Res. 2024, 16, 101096. [CrossRef]
256. Zhang, S.; Qi, X.; Gao, M.; Dai, C.; Yin, G.; Ma, D.; Feng, W.; Guo, T.; He, L. Estimation of wheat protein content and wet gluten
     content based on fusion of hyperspectral and RGB sensors using machine learning algorithms. Food Chem. 2024, 448, 139103.
     [CrossRef]
257. Guo, Y.; Xiao, Y.; Hao, F.; Zhang, X.; Chen, J.; de Beurs, K.; He, Y.; Fu, Y.H. Comparison of different machine learning algorithms
     for predicting maize grain yield using UAV-based hyperspectral images. Int. J. Appl. Earth Obs. Geoinf. 2023, 124, 103528.
     [CrossRef]
258. Qu, H.; Zheng, C.; Ji, H.; Barai, K.; Zhang, Y.-J. A fast and efficient approach to estimate wild blueberry yield using machine
     learning with drone photography: Flight altitude, sampling method and model effects. Comput. Electron. Agric. 2024, 216, 108543.
     [CrossRef]
259. Yu, N.; Li, L.; Schmitz, N.; Tian, L.F.; Greenberg, J.A.; Diers, B.W. Development of methods to improve soybean yield estimation
     and predict plant maturity with an unmanned aerial vehicle based platform. Remote Sens. Environ. 2016, 187, 91–101. [CrossRef]
260. Maimaitijiang, M.; Ghulam, A.; Sidike, P.; Hartling, S.; Maimaitiyiming, M.; Peterson, K.; Shavers, E.; Fishman, J.; Peterson, J.;
     Kadam, S.; et al. Unmanned Aerial System (UAS)-based phenotyping of soybean using multi-sensor data fusion and extreme
     learning machine. ISPRS J. Photogramm. Remote Sens. 2017, 134, 43–58. [CrossRef]
261. Xu, W.; Chen, P.; Zhan, Y.; Chen, S.; Zhang, L.; Lan, Y. Cotton yield estimation model based on machine learning using time series
     UAV remote sensing data. Int. J. Appl. Earth Obs. Geoinf. 2021, 104, 102511. [CrossRef]
262. Liu, S.; Jin, X.; Bai, Y.; Wu, W.; Cui, N.; Cheng, M.; Liu, Y.; Meng, L.; Jia, X.; Nie, C.; et al. UAV multispectral images for accurate
     estimation of the maize LAI considering the effect of soil background. Int. J. Appl. Earth Obs. Geoinf. 2023, 121, 103383. [CrossRef]
263. Kern, A.; Barcza, Z.; Marjanović, H.; Árendás, T.; Fodor, N.; Bónis, P.; Bognár, P.; Lichtenberger, J. Statistical modelling of crop
     yield in Central Europe using climate data and remote sensing vegetation indices. Agric. For. Meteorol. 2018, 260, 300–320.
     [CrossRef]
264. Bai, H.; Xiao, D.; Tang, J.; Liu, D.L. Evaluation of wheat yield in North China Plain under extreme climate by coupling crop model
     with machine learning. Comput. Electron. Agric. 2024, 217, 108651. [CrossRef]
265. Khanal, S.; Fulton, J.; Klopfenstein, A.; Douridas, N.; Shearer, S. Integration of high resolution remotely sensed data and machine
     learning techniques for spatial prediction of soil properties and corn yield. Comput. Electron. Agric. 2018, 153, 213–225. [CrossRef]
266. Jagdeep, S.; Gobinder, S.; Gupta, N. Balancing phosphorus fertilization for sustainable maize yield and soil test phosphorus
     management: A long-term study using machine learning. Field Crops Res. 2023, 304, 109169. [CrossRef]
Agronomy 2024, 14, 1975                                                                                                             30 of 32



267. Fry, J.; Guber, A.K.; Ladoni, M.; Munoz, J.D.; Kravchenko, A.N. The effect of up-scaling soil properties and model parameters on
     predictive accuracy of DSSAT crop simulation model under variable weather conditions. Geoderma 2017, 287, 105–115. [CrossRef]
268. Zain, M.; Si, Z.; Li, S.; Gao, Y.; Mehmood, F.; Rahman, S.-U.; Mounkaila Hamani, A.K.; Duan, A. The Coupled Effects of
     Irrigation Scheduling and Nitrogen Fertilization Mode on Growth, Yield and Water Use Efficiency in Drip-Irrigated Winter Wheat.
     Sustainability 2021, 13, 2742. [CrossRef]
269. Wang, Y.; Shi, W.; Wen, T. Prediction of winter wheat yield and dry matter in North China Plain using machine learning algorithms
     for optimal water and nitrogen application. Agric. Water Manag. 2023, 277, 108140. [CrossRef]
270. Kaur Dhaliwal, J.; Panday, D.; Saha, D.; Lee, J.; Jagadamma, S.; Schaeffer, S.; Mengistu, A. Predicting and interpreting cotton yield
     and its determinants under long-term conservation management practices using machine learning. Comput. Electron. Agric. 2022,
     199, 107107. [CrossRef]
271. Elavarasan, D.; Vincent, D.R.; Sharma, V.; Zomaya, A.Y.; Srinivasan, K. Forecasting yield by integrating agrarian factors and
     machine learning models: A survey. Comput. Electron. Agric. 2018, 155, 257–282. [CrossRef]
272. Singh, B.; Jana, A.K. Forecast of agri-residues generation from rice, wheat and oilseed crops in India using machine learning
     techniques: Exploring strategies for sustainable smart management. Environ. Res. 2024, 245, 117993. [CrossRef]
273. Zhou, H.K.; Yang, J.H.; Lou, W.D.; Sheng, L.; Li, D.; Hu, H. Improving grain yield prediction through fusion of multi-temporal
     spectral features and agronomic trait parameters derived from UAV imagery. Front. Plant Sci. 2023, 14, 1217448. [CrossRef]
274. Habyarimana, E.; Piccard, I.; Catellani, M.; De Franceschi, P.; Dall’Agata, M. Towards Predictive Modeling of Sorghum Biomass
     Yields Using Fraction of Absorbed Photosynthetically Active Radiation Derived from Sentinel-2 Satellite Imagery and Supervised
     Machine Learning Techniques. Agronomy 2019, 9, 203. [CrossRef]
275. Kowalik, W.; Dabrowska-Zielinska, K.; Meroni, M.; Raczka, T.U.; de Wit, A. Yield estimation using SPOT-VEGETATION products:
     A case study of wheat in European countries. Int. J. Appl. Earth Obs. Geoinf. 2014, 32, 228–239. [CrossRef]
276. Castaldi, F.; Casa, R.; Pelosi, F.; Yang, H. Influence of acquisition time and resolution on wheat yield estimation at the field scale
     from canopy biophysical variables retrieved from SPOT satellite data. Int. J. Remote Sens. 2015, 36, 2438–2459. [CrossRef]
277. Naghdyzadegan Jahromi, M.; Zand-Parsa, S.; Razzaghi, F.; Jamshidi, S.; Didari, S.; Doosthosseini, A.; Pourghasemi, H.R. Develop-
     ing machine learning models for wheat yield prediction using ground-based data, satellite-based actual evapotranspiration and
     vegetation indices. Eur. J. Agron. 2023, 146, 126820. [CrossRef]
278. Jurečka, F.; Fischer, M.; Hlavinka, P.; Balek, J.; Semerádová, D.; Bláhová, M.; Anderson, M.C.; Hain, C.; Žalud, Z.; Trnka, M.
     Potential of water balance and remote sensing-based evapotranspiration models to predict yields of spring barley and winter
     wheat in the Czech Republic. Agric. Water Manag. 2021, 256, 107064. [CrossRef]
279. Yang, C.; Lei, H. Evaluation of data assimilation strategies on improving the performance of crop modeling based on a novel
     evapotranspiration assimilation framework. Agric. For. Meteorol. 2024, 346, 109882. [CrossRef]
280. Gilardelli, C.; Stella, T.; Confalonieri, R.; Ranghetti, L.; Campos-Taberner, M.; García-Haro, F.J.; Boschetti, M. Downscaling rice
     yield simulation at sub-field scale using remotely sensed LAI data. Eur. J. Agron. 2019, 103, 108–116. [CrossRef]
281. Gaso, D.V.; de Wit, A.; Berger, A.G.; Kooistra, L. Predicting within-field soybean yield variability by coupling Sentinel-2 leaf area
     index with a crop growth model. Agric. For. Meteorol. 2021, 308, 108553. [CrossRef]
282. Liu, C.; Liu, Y.; Lu, Y.H.; Liao, Y.L.; Nie, J.; Yuan, X.L.; Chen, F. Use of a leaf chlorophyll content index to improve the prediction
     of above-ground biomass and productivity. PeerJ 2019, 6. [CrossRef] [PubMed]
283. Singh, V.; Kunal Singh, M.; Singh, B. Spectral indices measured with proximal sensing using canopy reflectance sensor, chlorophyll
     meter and leaf color chart for in-season grain yield prediction of basmati rice. Pedosphere 2022, 32, 812–822. [CrossRef]
284. Zhang, J.; Feng, L.; Yao, F. Improved maize cultivated area estimation over a large scale combining MODIS–EVI time series data
     and crop phenological information. ISPRS J. Photogramm. Remote Sens. 2014, 94, 102–113. [CrossRef]
285. De la Casa, A.; Ovando, G.; Bressanini, L.; Martínez, J.; Díaz, G.; Miranda, C. Soybean crop coverage estimation from NDVI
     images with different spatial resolution to evaluate yield variability in a plot. ISPRS J. Photogramm. Remote Sens. 2018,
     146, 531–547. [CrossRef]
286. Kitano, B.T.; Mendes, C.C.T.; Geus, A.R.; Oliveira, H.C.; Souza, J.R. Corn Plant Counting Using Deep Learning and UAV Images.
     IEEE Geosci. Remote Sens. Lett. 2019, 1–5. [CrossRef]
287. Jhajharia, K.; Mathur, P. Prediction of crop yield using satellite vegetation indices combined with machine learning approaches.
     Adv. Space Res. 2023, 72, 3998–4007. [CrossRef]
288. Shammi, S.A.; Meng, Q. Use time series NDVI and EVI to develop dynamic crop growth metrics for yield modeling. Ecol. Indic.
     2021, 121, 107124. [CrossRef]
289. Zhao, Y.; Vergopolan, N.; Baylis, K.; Blekking, J.; Caylor, K.; Evans, T.; Giroux, S.; Sheffield, J.; Estes, L. Comparing empirical and
     survey-based yield forecasts in a dryland agro-ecosystem. Agric. For. Meteorol. 2018, 262, 147–156. [CrossRef]
290. Zhang, H.; Wang, L.; Tian, T.; Yin, J. A Review of Unmanned Aerial Vehicle Low-Altitude Remote Sensing (UAV-LARS) Use in
     Agricultural Monitoring in China. Remote Sens. 2021, 13, 1221. [CrossRef]
291. Zhang, Y.X.; Walker, J.P.; Pauwels, V.R.N.; Sadeh, Y. Assimilation of Wheat and Soil States into the APSIM-Wheat Crop Model: A
     Case Study. Remote Sens. 2022, 14, 65. [CrossRef]
292. Kheir, A.M.S.; Mkuhlani, S.; Mugo, J.W.; Elnashar, A.; Nangia, V.; Devare, M.; Govind, A. Integrating APSIM model with machine
     learning to predict wheat yield spatial distribution. Agron. J. 2023, 115, 3188–3196. [CrossRef]
Agronomy 2024, 14, 1975                                                                                                              31 of 32



293. Bai, T.; Zhang, N.; Mercatoris, B.; Chen, Y. Improving Jujube Fruit Tree Yield Estimation at the Field Scale by Assimilating a Single
     Landsat Remotely-Sensed LAI into the WOFOST Model. Remote Sens. 2019, 11, 1119. [CrossRef]
294. Tie-cheng, B.; Wang, T.; Zhang, N.N.; Chen, Y.Q.; Mercatoris, B. Growth simulation and yield prediction for perennial jujube fruit
     tree by integrating age into the WOFOST model. J. Integr. Agric. 2020, 19, 721–734. [CrossRef]
295. Shi, Y.; Wang, Z.; Hou, C.; Zhang, P. Yield estimation of Lycium barbarum L. based on the WOFOST model. Ecol. Model. 2022,
     473, 110146. [CrossRef]
296. Bellakanji, A.C.; Zribi, M.; Lili-Chabaane, Z.; Mougenot, B. Forecasting of Cereal Yields in a Semi-arid Area Using the Simple
     Algorithm for Yield Estimation (SAFY) Agro-Meteorological Model Combined with Optical SPOT/HRV Images. Sensors 2018,
     18, 2138. [CrossRef]
297. Huang, J.; Sedano, F.; Huang, Y.; Ma, H.; Li, X.; Liang, S.; Tian, L.; Zhang, X.; Fan, J.; Wu, W. Assimilating a synthetic Kalman filter
     leaf area index series into the WOFOST model to improve regional winter wheat yield estimation. Agric. For. Meteorol. 2016,
     216, 188–202. [CrossRef]
298. Fattori Junior, I.M.; dos Santos Vianna, M.; Marin, F.R. Assimilating leaf area index data into a sugarcane process-based crop
     model for improving yield estimation. Eur. J. Agron. 2022, 136, 126501. [CrossRef]
299. Hu, S.; Shi, L.; Huang, K.; Zha, Y.; Hu, X.; Ye, H.; Yang, Q. Improvement of sugarcane crop simulation by SWAP-WOFOST model
     via data assimilation. Field Crops Res. 2019, 232, 49–61. [CrossRef]
300. Tang, Y.; Zhou, R.; He, P.; Yu, M.; Zheng, H.; Yao, X.; Cheng, T.; Zhu, Y.; Cao, W.; Tian, Y. Estimating wheat grain yield by
     assimilating phenology and LAI with the WheatGrow model based on theoretical uncertainty of remotely sensed observation.
     Agric. For. Meteorol. 2023, 339, 109574. [CrossRef]
301. Li, Z.; Ding, L.; Shen, B.; Chen, J.; Xu, D.; Wang, X.; Fang, W.; Pulatov, A.; Kussainova, M.; Amarjargal, A.; et al. Quantifying key
     vegetation parameters from Sentinel-3 and MODIS over the eastern Eurasian steppe with a Bayesian geostatistical model. Sci.
     Total Environ. 2024, 909, 168594. [CrossRef]
302. Xue, H.; Xu, X.; Zhu, Q.; Meng, Y.; Long, H.; Li, H.; Song, X.; Yang, G.; Yang, M.; Li, Y.; et al. Rice yield and quality estimation
     coupling hierarchical linear model with remote sensing. Comput. Electron. Agric. 2024, 218, 108731. [CrossRef]
303. Pandey, D.K.; Mishra, R. Towards sustainable agriculture: Harnessing AI for global food security. Artif. Intell. Agric. 2024,
     12, 72–84. [CrossRef]
304. Liu, Q.; Wang, C.; Jiang, J.; Wu, J.; Wang, X.; Cao, Q.; Tian, Y.; Zhu, Y.; Cao, W.; Liu, X. Multi-source data fusion improved the
     potential of proximal fluorescence sensors in predicting nitrogen nutrition status across winter wheat growth stages. Comput.
     Electron. Agric. 2024, 219, 108786. [CrossRef]
305. Zhao, M.; Meng, Q.; Wang, L.; Zhang, L.; Hu, X.; Shi, W. Towards robust classification of multi-view remote sensing images with
     partial data availability. Remote Sens. Environ. 2024, 306, 114112. [CrossRef]
306. Baltodano, A.; Agramont, A.; Lekarkar, K.; Spyrakos, E.; Reusen, I.; van Griensven, A. Exploring global remote sensing products
     for water quality assessment: Lake Nicaragua case study. Remote Sens. Appl. Soc. Environ. 2024, 36, 101331. [CrossRef]
307. Zhang, H.K.; Qiu, S.; Suh, J.W.; Luo, D.; Zhu, Z. Machine Learning and Deep Learning in Remote Sensing Data Analysis. In
     Reference Module in Earth Systems and Environmental Sciences; Elsevier: Amsterdam, The Netherlands, 2024.
308. Feng, H.; Li, Q.; Wang, W.; Bashir, A.K.; Singh, A.K.; Xu, J.; Fang, K. Security of target recognition for UAV forestry remote sensing
     based on multi-source data fusion transformer framework. Inf. Fusion 2024, 112, 102555. [CrossRef]
309. Joshi, P.; Sandhu, K.S.; Singh Dhillon, G.; Chen, J.; Bohara, K. Detection and monitoring wheat diseases using unmanned aerial
     vehicles (UAVs). Comput. Electron. Agric. 2024, 224, 109158. [CrossRef]
310. Wu, Z.; Luo, J.; Rao, K.; Lin, H.; Song, X. Estimation of wheat kernel moisture content based on hyperspectral reflectance and
     satellite multispectral imagery. Int. J. Appl. Earth Obs. Geoinf. 2024, 126, 103597. [CrossRef]
311. Qin, P.; Huang, H.; Tang, H.; Wang, J.; Liu, C. MUSTFN: A spatiotemporal fusion method for multi-scale and multi-sensor remote
     sensing images based on a convolutional neural network. Int. J. Appl. Earth Obs. Geoinf. 2022, 115, 103113. [CrossRef]
312. Marin, D.B.; Ferraz, G.A.e.S.; Santana, L.S.; Barbosa, B.D.S.; Barata, R.A.P.; Osco, L.P.; Ramos, A.P.M.; Guimarães, P.H.S. Detecting
     coffee leaf rust with UAV-based vegetation indices and decision tree machine learning models. Comput. Electron. Agric. 2021,
     190, 106476. [CrossRef]
313. López-Pérez, E.; Sanchis-Ibor, C.; Jiménez-Bello, M.Á.; Pulido-Velazquez, M. Mapping of irrigated vineyard areas through the use
     of machine learning techniques and remote sensing. Agric. Water Manag. 2024, 302, 108988. [CrossRef]
314. Hao, S.; Ryu, D.; Western, A.W.; Perry, E.; Bogena, H.; Franssen, H.J.H. Global sensitivity analysis of APSIM-wheat yield
     predictions to model parameters and inputs. Ecol. Model. 2024, 487, 110551. [CrossRef]
315. Fawakherji, M.; Suriani, V.; Nardi, D.; Bloisi, D.D. Shape and style GAN-based multispectral data augmentation for crop/weed
     segmentation in precision farming. Crop Prot. 2024, 184, 106848. [CrossRef]
316. Dos Santos, E.P.; Moreira, M.C.; Fernandes-Filho, E.I.; Demattê, J.A.M.; Santos, U.J.d.; da Silva, D.D.; Cruz, R.R.P.; Moura-Bueno,
     J.M.; Santos, I.C.; Sampaio, E.V.d.S.B. Improving the generalization error and transparency of regression models to estimate soil
     organic carbon using soil reflectance data. Ecol. Inform. 2023, 77, 102240. [CrossRef]
317. Goodridge, W.; Bernard, M.; Jordan, R.; Rampersad, R. Intelligent diagnosis of diseases in plants using a hybrid Multi-Criteria
     decision making technique. Comput. Electron. Agric. 2017, 133, 80–87. [CrossRef]
318. Kumar, V.; Sharma, K.V.; Kedam, N.; Patel, A.; Kate, T.R.; Rathnayake, U. A comprehensive review on smart and sustainable
     agriculture using IoT technologies. Smart Agric. Technol. 2024, 8, 100487. [CrossRef]
Agronomy 2024, 14, 1975                                                                                                          32 of 32



319. Zhou, J.; Gu, X.; Gong, H.; Yang, X.; Sun, Q.; Guo, L.; Pan, Y. Intelligent classification of maize straw types from UAV remote
     sensing images using DenseNet201 deep transfer learning algorithm. Ecol. Indic. 2024, 166, 112331. [CrossRef]
320. Prasanna Lakshmi, G.S.; Asha, P.N.; Sandhya, G.; Vivek Sharma, S.; Shilpashree, S.; Subramanya, S.G. An intelligent IOT sensor
     coupled precision irrigation model for agriculture. Meas. Sens. 2023, 25, 100608. [CrossRef]
321. Bissadu, K.D.; Sonko, S.; Hossain, G. Society 5.0 enabled agriculture: Drivers, enabling technologies, architectures, opportunities,
     and challenges. Inf. Process. Agric. 2024. [CrossRef]
322. Et-taibi, B.; Abid, M.R.; Boufounas, E.-M.; Morchid, A.; Bourhnane, S.; Abu Hamed, T.; Benhaddou, D. Enhancing water
     management in smart agriculture: A cloud and IoT-Based smart irrigation system. Results Eng. 2024, 22, 102283. [CrossRef]
323. Rostami, K.; Salehi, L. Rural cooperatives social responsibility in promoting Sustainability-oriented Activities in the agricultural
     sector: Nexus of community, enterprise, and government. Sustain. Futures 2024, 7, 100150. [CrossRef]
324. Pingali, P.; Plavšić, M. Hunger and environmental goals for Asia: Synergies and trade-offs among the SDGs. Environ. Chall. 2022,
     7, 100491. [CrossRef]

Disclaimer/Publisher’s Note: The statements, opinions and data contained in all publications are solely those of the individual
author(s) and contributor(s) and not of MDPI and/or the editor(s). MDPI and/or the editor(s) disclaim responsibility for any injury to
people or property resulting from any ideas, methods, instructions or products referred to in the content.
